Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time.
Yet each man kills the thing he lovesBy each let this be heardSome do it with a bitter lookSome with a flattering wordThe coward does it with a kissThe brave man with a sword
Owning our story can be hard but not nearly as difficult as spending our lives running from it. Embracing our vulnerabilities is risky but not nearly as dangerous as giving up on love and belonging and joy—the experiences that make us the most vulnerable. Only when we are brave enough to explore the darkness will we discover the infinite power of our light.
If I am to be fallen into love, I will. And if as a result I will appear to be stupid, disillusioned, and of poor judgment, I will. And I would be damned if I cared what other people think. For I would rather be thought of as all of these things, than not love. If in loving, I become the naked woman on the horse, I will ride that horse with my head held high. This is my spirit. I am unbreakable.
You can build walls all the way to the sky and I will find a way to fly above them. You can try to pin me down with a hundred thousand arms, but I will find a way to resist. And there are many of us out there, more than you think. People who refuse to stop believing. People who refuse to come to earth. People who love in a world without walls, people who love into hate, into refusal, against hope, and without fear.I love you. Remember. They cannot take it.
...Who could refrain,	That had a heart to love, and in that heart	Courage to make love known?
We, unaccustomed to courageexiles from delightlive coiled in shells of lonelinessuntil love leaves its high holy templeand comes into our sightto liberate us into life.Love arrivesand in its train come ecstasiesold memories of pleasureancient histories of pain.Yet if we are bold,love strikes away the chains of fearfrom our souls.We are weaned from our timidityIn the flush of love's lightwe dare be braveAnd suddenly we seethat love costs all we areand will ever be.Yet it is only lovewhich sets us free.
Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year.
Brigan was saying her name, and he was sending her a feeling. It was courage and strength, and something else too, as if he were standing with her, as if he'd taken her within himself, letting her rest her entire body for a moment on his backbone, her mind in his mind, her heart in the fire of his.The fire of Brigan's heart was astounding. Fire understood, and almost could not believe, that the feeling he was sending her was love.
Vulnerability is the birthplace of love, belonging, joy, courage, empathy, and creativity. It is the source of hope, empathy, accountability, and authenticity. If we want greater clarity in our purpose or deeper and more meaningful spiritual lives, vulnerability is the path.
Encouragement requires empathy and seeing the world from your spouse's perspective. We must first learn what is important to our spouse. Only then can we give encouragement. With verbal encouragement, we are trying to communicate, "I know. I care. I am with you. How can I help?" We are trying to show that we believe in him and in his abilities. We are giving credit and praise.
Stories make us more alive, more human, more courageous, more loving.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not yet ready. The challenge will not wait. Life does not look back. A week is more than enough time for us to decide whether or not to accept our destiny.
I have accepted fear as part of life – specifically the fear of change... I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back....
Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
No matter how long you train someone to be brave, you never know if they are or not until something real happens.
Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams:Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,But make allowance for their doubting too;If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,Or being lied about, don't deal in lies,Or being hated, don't give way to hating,And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wiseIf you can dream - and not make dreams your master;If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim;If you can meet with Triumph and DisasterAnd treat those two impostors just the same;If you can bear to hear the truth you've spokenTwisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken,And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out toolsIf you can make one heap of all your winnings And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,And lose, and start again at your beginningsAnd never breathe a word about your loss;If you can force your heart and nerve and sinewTo serve your turn long after they are gone,And so hold on when there is nothing in youExcept the will which says to them: 'Hold on!'If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,Or walk with Kings - nor lose the common touch,If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you,If all men count with you, but none too much;If you can fill the unforgiving minuteWith sixty seconds' worth of distance run,Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,And - which is more - you'll be a Man, my son!
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone.
Do Not Lie to Yourself We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.
Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.
To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.
Be Brave and Take Risks: You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.
Don't JustDon't just learn, experience.Don't just read, absorb.Don't just change, transform.Don't just relate, advocate.Don't just promise, prove.Don't just criticize, encourage.Don't just think, ponder.Don't just take, give.Don't just see, feel.Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen.Don't just talk, act.Don't just tell, show.Don't just exist, live.
How would your life be different if…You walked away from gossip and verbal defamation? Let today be the day…You speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.
Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness.Listen to it carefully.
Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.
It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.
Hardships make or break people.
Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it...
If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.
May Light always surround you;Hope kindle and rebound you.May your Hurts turn to Healing;Your Heart embrace Feeling.May Wounds become Wisdom;Every Kindness a Prism.May Laughter infect you;Your Passion resurrect you.May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires.Through all that you Reach For, May your arms Never Tire.
You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.
If you learn to really sit with loneliness and embrace it for the gift that it is…an opportunity to get to know YOU, to learn how strong you really are, to depend on no one but YOU for your happiness…you will realize that a little loneliness goes a LONG way in creating a richer, deeper, more vibrant and colorful YOU.
When I lost my sight, Werner, people said I was brave. When my father left, people said I was brave. But it is not bravery; I have no choice. I wake up and live my life. Don't you do the same?
In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!
I don’t really want to become normal, average, standard. I want merely to gain in strength, in the courage to live out my life more fully, enjoy more, experience more. I want to develop even more original and more unconventional traits
Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
Your Life Is Happening Right Now: Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.
To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.
There are two things we should always be 1. raw and 2. ready. When you are raw, you are always ready and when you are ready you usually realize that you are raw. Waiting for perfection is not an answer, one cannot say "I will be ready when I am perfect" because then you will never be ready, rather one must say "I am raw and I am ready just like this right now, how and who I am.
Everyone thinks that courage is about facing death without flinching. But almost anyone can do that. Almost anyone can hold their breath and not scream for as long as it takes to die. True courage is about facing life without flinching. I don't mean the times when the right path is hard, but glorious at the end. I'm talking about enduring the boredom, the messiness, and the inconvenience of doing what is right.
it takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeded.
We need people in our lives with whom we can be as open as possible. To have real conversations with people may seem like such a simple, obvious suggestion, but it involves courage and risk.
Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
People will always have opinions about your decision because they're not courageous enough to take action on their opinion.
God surely did not create us, and cause us to live, with the sole end of wishing always to die. I believe, in my heart, we were intended to prize life and enjoy it, so long as we retain it. Existence never was originally meant to be that useless, blank, pale, slow-trailing thing it often becomes to many, and is becoming to me, among the rest.
Be the kind of person who dares to face life's challenges and overcome them rather than dodging them.
You will have to make up for the smallness of your size by your courage and selfless devotion to duty, for it is not life that matters, but the courage, fortitude and determination you bring to it.
A new day: Be open enough to see opportunities. Be wise enough to be grateful. Be courageous enough to be happy.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.
Love springs from the inside. It is the immortal surge of passion, excitement, energy, power, strength, prosperity, recognition, respect, desire, determination, enthusiasm, confidence, courage, and vitality, that nourishes, extends and protects. It possesses an external objective - life.
Timid men prefer the calm of despotism to the tempestuous sea of Liberty.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
Courage isn't having the strength to go on - it is going on when you don't have strength.
Whatever you do, you need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage that a soldier needs. Peace has its victories, but it takes brave men and women to win them.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Without fear there cannot be courage.
Life is made of so many moments that mean nothing. Then one day, a single moment comes along to define every second that comes after. Such moments are tests of courage, of strength.
We are the music-makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams.World-losers and world-forsakers,Upon whom the pale moon gleams;Yet we are the movers and shakers,Of the world forever, it seems.
Somehow I can't believe that there are any heights that can't be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four Cs. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy, and the greatest of all is confidence. When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
You are not a victim. No matter what you have been through, you're still here. You may have been challenged, hurt, betrayed, beaten, and discouraged, but nothing has defeated you. You are still here! You have been delayed but not denied. You are not a victim, you are a victor. You have a history of victory.
We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.
How should we be able to forget those ancient myths that are at the beginning of all peoples, the myths about dragons that at the last moment turn into princesses; perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave. Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.So you must not be frightened if a sadness rises up before you larger than any you have ever seen; if a restiveness, like light and cloudshadows, passes over your hands and over all you do. You must think that something is happening with you, that life has not forgotten you, that it holds you in its hand; it will not let you fall. Why do you want to shut out of your life any uneasiness, any miseries, or any depressions? For after all, you do not know what work these conditions are doing inside you.
Step follows step,Hope follows Courage,Set your face towards danger,Set your heart on victory.
It's just that in the Deep South, women learn at a young age that when the world is falling apart around you, it's time to take down the drapes and make a new dress.
Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.
Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world.
The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.
Life has no victims. There are no victims in this life.No one has the right to point fingers at his/her past and blame it for what he/she is today. We do not have the right to point our finger at someone else and blame that person for how we treat others, today.Don’t hide in the corner, pointing fingers at your past. Don’t sit under the table, talking about someone who has hurt you. Instead, stand up and face your past! Face your fears! Face your pain! And stomach it all! You may have to do so kicking and screaming and throwing fits and crying- but by all means- face it!This life makes no room for cowards.
The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained in sudden flight but, they while their companions slept, they were toiling upwards in the night.
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. Live your truth and don't EVER stop!
A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.
Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action....no matter what.  So you're afraid? Be afraid.  Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!
If there is anything that links the human to the divine, it is the courage to stand by a principle when everybody else rejects it.
Make voyages. Attempt them. There's nothing else.
‎"What does it mean if i'm afraid? Does it mean something bad is going to happen?" "No, it doesn't mean something bad is going to happen. It just means that you have the chance to be brave.
He who jumps into the void owes no explanation to those who stand and watch.
Given a choice between life and death, choose life. Given a choice between right and wrong, choose what's right. And given a choice between a terrible truth and a beautiful lie, choose the truth every time.
Temptation is not to be feared, but controlled.
With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not die.
Real courage is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. Doing the unpopular thing because it's what you believe, and the heck with everybody.
Those who have a strong sense of love and belonging have the courage to be imperfect.
Thankfully, persistence is a great substitute for talent.
I've got a theory, it could be bunnies...I've got a theor-Bunnies aren't just cute like everybody supposesThey've got them hoppy legs and twitchy little noses.And what's with all the carrots-?What do they need such good eyesight for anyway?Bunnies, bunnies it must be bunnies!...or maybe midgets...
Enlightenment is man's release from his self-incurred tutelage. Tutelage is man's inability to make use of his understanding without direction from another. Self-incurred is this tutelage when its cause lies not in lack of reason but in lack of resolution and courage to use it without direction from another. Sapere aude! 'Have courage to use your own reason!'- that is the motto of enlightenment.
Knowledge is power is time is money.
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
Peace is not so much a political mandate as it is a shared state of consciousness that remains elevated and intact only to the degree that those who value it volunteer their existence as living examples of the same... Peace ends with the unraveling of individual hope and the emergence of the will to worship violence as a healer of private and social dis-ease.
Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable.
To lovers there.Most ladies the reason they are dumped and their relationship doesn't last is they made themselves to become a want than a need in a relationship.
The theistic philosopher has a tendency to devalue insufficient worldviews, ideologies, and quite often common sense for the greater good, and in such cases, one should not be discouraged when seen as a bad guy. If he stresses over man's perception of a righteous heart, then he has given his heart to man.
What about you, Snipes?" Dunbar asked. "You think there to be mountain lions up here or is it just folks' imaginings?"Snipes pondered the question a few moments before speaking.They's many a man of science would claim there aint because you got no irredeemable evidence like panther scat or fur or tooth or tail. In other words, some part of the animal in questions. Or better yet having the actual critter itself, the whole think kit and caboodle head to tail, which all your men of science argue is the best proof of all a thing exists, whether it be a panther, or a bird, or even a dinosaur."To put it another way, if you was to stub your toe and tell the man of science what happened he'd not believe a word of it less he could see how it'd stoved up or was bleeding. But your philosophers and theologians and such say there’s things in the world that’s every bit as real even though you can’t see them.”Like what?” Dunbar asked.Well,” Snipes said. “They’s love, that’s one. And courage. You can’t see neither of them, but they’re real. And air, of course. That’s one of your most important examples. You wouldn’t be alive a minute if there wasn’t air, but nobody’s ever seen a single speck of it.”… “All I’m saying is there is a lot more to this old world than meets the eye.”… “And darkness. You can’t see it no more than you can see air, but when its all around you sure enough know it.” (Serena, 65-66)
Choose to hustle now, to work hard now, to make all the sacrifice now. So that you can enjoy your tomorrow. Whatever it is that you suppose to do now. If you don't do it now, it will affect you badly for the rest of your life.
It’s sad that most of our real life problems that affect us daily, don't make it as breaking news on facebook. They are not trending on twitter or not glamorous enough for instagram and those problems are the ones that take away our happiness. The problems that other people don't know about. The ones we fight alone everyday and every night.
To ParentsTeach your child what they should know if not, their friends will teach them with wrong information.They will suffer the consequences of not knowing which results to hard life, suffering and being bad people with no morlas in life.
When we overlook the errors of people we like and favour. We are crippling the society, because others look up to them and are copying from them. They will copy also their errors. One day we will be complaining why things are like this.
Once you being defensive in your answer. Just know there is the truth in the question you have been asked, or there is truth in what they are saying to you.
Nothing gets easy. It is just that you understand how it is and how it works. Nothing its difficult its just that you dont understand it and dont know how it works. Understanding something it means taking time to learn it and practising it.
Why people suffer thou the is government. It is because everyone fight into power to take care of themselves than to serve the people in need.
Trying is for everyday, but success has it own time and date. That is why success is no different than a fish. The only way you catch it, is never stop fishing. The more you fish the better your chances. The more you try the better your chances of succeeding.
Don't make any decision to impress people. They would act like they are impressed to find they are not.They act like they care to find they dont care. They act like they love you and are happy for you to find they are not. Do what makes you happy and let them act the whole time. Knowing you are truly happy by being their director the way you live your life.
To loveres our theree...Sometimes we get carried away with the fights we are having. With the mistakes and problems we have in a relationship. That we forget to show each other and tell each other, how much we love each other. We concentrate on the bad things and forget what do we mean to each other and what brought us together. We forget to show appreciation and that we care for one another.
Wise people problems, becomes everyone's solution. Foolish people solutions becomes everyone's problem.
Never justify someones wrong action, without them apologizing first & admitting their wrongs. If you do. You are not making them better, but you are making them worse on the bad things they do.
If you have influence on other people. Dont be influenced by their hate, money, jealousy, anger and popularity .
YOU ARE JUSTYou are not just for the right or left,but for what is right over the wrong.You are not just rich or poor,but always wealthy in the mind and heart.You are not perfect, but flawed.You are flawed, but you are just.You may just be conscious human,but you are also a magnificentreflection of God.
I dont celebrate any friendship that was build on hate, because we share the common enemy.
Children are no longer being parented, but are raised. Thats why they don't have morals, ethics,humanity and manners, because their parents neglected them. We now live in a society that doesnt care about right or wrong.
When people support you when you have done something wrong. It doesnt mean you are right, but it means those people are promoting their hate , bad behavior or living their bad lives through you.
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to what light I have.
The most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the most fundamental harm we can do to ourselves, is to remain ignorant by not having the courage and the respect to look at ourselves honestly and gently.
Risk anything! Care no more for the opinion of others ... Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth."(Journal entry, 14 October 1922)
Vulnerability sounds like truth and feels like courage. Truth and courage aren't always comfortable, but they're never weakness.
To see what is in front of one’s nose needs a constant struggle.
The simple step of a courageous individual is not to take part in the lie. "One word of truth outweighs the world.
It was queer how sometimes a child's innocent eyes can see things that grown men are blind to.
The only tyrant I accept in this world is the 'still small voice' within me. And even though I have to face the prospect of being a minority of one, I humbly believe I have the courage to be in such a hopeless minority.
We have to endure the discordance between imagination and fact. It is better to say, “I am suffering,” than to say, “This landscape is ugly.
It’s not unpatriotic to denounce an injustice committed on our behalf, perhaps it’s the most patriotic thing we can do.
The worst thing in life is having parents that always stand against you and never with you. They discourage you, instill fear in you, hold you back, push you down and never encourage you to fly forward. When I have kids, they'll already be born with propellers with added wings. Even if one tells me they want to go learn how to ride lions in Africa, if their heart is driving that desire, I'd say "DO IT".If we throw blankets over our children's dreams, we darken their world and extinguish their desire to live. I'd rather my kid die with a wild fire in his/her heart than with a malfunctioning or drained out fuse. Always allow your kids to keep humming with dreams and ideas that fuel their passions. Never tell them something is impossible. If you have a really strong determined kid, they'll go out there killing themselves trying to do the unachievable just to prove you wrong. And if you have a weak kid, they'll give up on life and settle for bagging Cokes and potato chips at your local grocery store.
To love someone with all of your heart requires reaching them where they are with the only words they can understand.
For my part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am willing to know the whole truth; to know the worst and to provide for it.
Too many people out there tell us what we can and cannot do but…they don’t know who we are, what’s put in us.
If you always attach positive emotions to the things you want, and never attach negative emotions to the things you don't, then that which you desire most will invariably come your way.
I have never killed anybody, it is true, but it is because I lacked the courage or the time, not because I lacked the desire
I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led.
Your words will either give you joy or give you sorrow, but if they were spoken without regret, they give you peace.
She had the best kind of courage, or maybe the worst kind, the kind that gets you into trouble.
Dear Child, Sometimes on your travel through hell, you meet people that think they are in heaven because of their cleverness and ability to get away with things. Travel past them because they don't understand who they have become and never will. These type of people feel justified in revenge and will never learn mercy or forgiveness because they live by comparison. They are the people that don't care about anyone, other than who is making them feel confident. They don’t understand that their deity is not rejoicing with them because of their actions, rather he is trying to free them from their insecurities, by softening their heart. They rather put out your light than find their own. They don't have the ability to see beyond the false sense of happiness they get from destroying others. You know what happiness is and it isn’t this. Don’t see their success as their deliverance. It is a mask of vindication which has no audience, other than their own kind. They have joined countless others that call themselves “survivors”. They believe that they are entitled to win because life didn’t go as planned for them. You are not like them. You were not meant to stay in hell and follow their belief system. You were bound for greatness. You were born to help them by leading. Rise up and be the light home. You were given the gift to see the truth. They will have an army of people that are like them and you are going to feel alone. However, your family in heaven stands beside you now. They are your strength and as countless as the stars. It is time to let go!Love, Your Guardian Angel
Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey.
Who you are in public is a test of your conviction; who you are in private, integrity.
When God is ready for you to move, He will make your situation uncomfortable.
Never say that you can't do something, or that something seems impossible, or that something can't be done, no matter how discouraging or harrowing it may be; human beings are limited only by what we allow ourselves to be limited by: our own minds. We are each the masters of our own reality; when we become self-aware to this: absolutely anything in the world is possible.Master yourself, and become king of the world around you. Let no odds, chastisement, exile, doubt, fear, or ANY mental virii prevent you from accomplishing your dreams. Never be a victim of life; be it's conqueror.
Once you reject fear, you will become the perfect candidate to receive and reflect Truth.
It takes more effort to avoid the truth than it does to face it.
The church must suffer for speaking the truth, for pointing out sin, for uprooting sin. No one wants to have a sore spot touched, and therefore a society with so many sores twitches when someone has the courage to touch it and say: “You have to treat that. You have to get rid of that. Believe in Christ. Be converted.
It goes with a courageous intent to greet the universe as it really is, not to foist our emotional predispositions on it but to courageously accept what our explorations tell us.
Only courageous hearts can endure the bitterness of truth.
Sometimes, the things They say, the laws They make, the way the world spins doesn't make any sense at all...Which is exactly why you have to ask "Why?" and keep on asking until you get the TRUTH...
It can be difficult to speak truth to power. Circumstances, however, have made doing so increasingly necessary.
Don’t be afraid to stand tall in YOUR truth! Boldly and confidently face everything that has, and is, keeping you bound. Fight for your inner peace! Fight for your happiness! Fight for everything and everybody that’s important to you! You are NOT a victim! Don’t even play into that. You owe it to yourself to LIVE! Live your life without the regrets, without the resentments, without the unforgiveness, without the blame game, without the self-pity, without any and everything that keeps you from experiencing true joy within! You are too important to waste your life away! Learn to appreciate and value your life, but most importantly, learn to appreciate and value yourself! You count too, no matter what you’ve done!
Certain people will be upset when you speak the truth. They might get mad. They might get really mad. That's because they are still living the lie you've exposed. Stay strong. Speak truth. Do not allow yourself to get pulled back into their lie just to make others happy and yourself miserable. You are free. Stay free.
Peer beyond the wall of doubt to embrace the possibilities.
Pride and power fall when the person falls, but discoveries of truth form legacies that can be built upon for generations.
Finally, finally, this is what bravery looks like. This is what courage looks like. It has nothing to do with dominating the day, every single day. It has to do with showing up and speaking truth. One true sentence after one true sentence.
You never know who you're inspiring or uninspiring. People notice more than you think.
You can get a thousand no's from people, and only one "yes" from God.
This is what I believe: That I am I. That my soul is a dark forest. That my known self will never be more than a little clearing in the forest. That gods, strange gods, come forth from the forest into the clearing of my known self, and then go back. That I must have the courage to let them come and go. That I will never let mankind put anything over me, but that I will try always to recognize and submit to the gods in me and the gods in other men and women. There is my creed.
Keep a clear eye toward life's end. Do not forget your purpose and destiny as God's creature. What you are in his sight is what you are and nothing more. Remember that when you leave this earth, you can take nothing that you have received...but only what you have given; a full heart enriched by honest service, love, sacrifice, and courage.
The greatest act of faith some days is to simply get up and face another day.
It may not always be easy, convenient or politically correct to stand for truth and right, but it is the right thing to do. Always.
The greatest thing a man can do in this world, is to make the most possible out of the stuff that has been given him. This is success, and there is no other.
Let our voices be heard. I hope they will not be shrill voices, but, I hope we shall speak with such conviction that those to whom we speak shall know of the strength of our feeling and the sincerity of our efforts.
He is your Father, and His role is to protect you; He will comfort you and guide you. He will feed you; He will carry you when you are weak. He will seek you out when you go astray; He will help you in times of trouble. He will not let your enemies go unpunished; He will cherish you like a father cherishes his daughter. When you fall, He will pick you up; when you don’t understand, He will always understand. When you feel like life is weighing you down, He will lift you up. When you feel like giving up, He will encourage you to keep going. When you are sad, He will lighten your spirits. When you need advice, His line is open 24-7. When you feel unsafe, He will be your safety; when you are worried, He will be an ear to your concerns. When you feel burdened, offer your burden to Him and He will take it. Where you have been burnt, He will make you beautiful; where you hurt, He will heal. Whenever you feel lonely, He will always be with you. Where others have not supported you, He will support you. When you feel discouraged, He will be your encouragement. Where you don’t know, He will tell you when the time is right. When you feel unloved, remember that He has always loved you. You see limitations; God sees opportunities. You see faults; God sees growth. You see problems; God sees solutions. You see limitations; God sees possibilities. You see life; God sees eternity.
There are certain mortal moments and minutes that matter. Certain hingepoints in the history of each human. Some seconds are so decisive they shrink the soul, while others are spent, so as to stretch the soul.
Encouragement is like water to the soul, it makes everything grow.
Lincoln grew immeasurably as he came to think of himself as an “instrument of God’s will.
The faithful man perceives nothing less than opportunity in difficulties. Flowing through his spine, faith and courage work together: Such a man does not fear losing his life, thus he will risk losing it at times in order to empower it. By this he actually values his life more than the man who fears losing his life. It is much like leaping from a window in order to avoid a fire yet in that most crucial moment knowing that God will appear to catch you.
Over the souls of men spread the condor wings of colossal monsters and all manner of evil things prey upon the heart and soul and body of Man. Yet it may be in some far day the shadows shall fade and the Prince of Darkness be chained forever in his hell. And till then mankind can but stand up stoutly to the monsters in his own heart and without, and with the aid of God he may yet triumph.
In our worldly perceptions of Jesus, we tend to embrace the kindness of his love ('be encouraged') but not the discipline of his love ('and sin no more'). But with the whole scope of his love, or maturity in Christ, we begin relying on him for guidance where we would prefer him to walk beside us rather than behind us.
Thank you Heavenly Father. You heard my petition. You have answered my plea.May your name be glorified and be praised.
Although I'm an atheist, I try not to crap all over people's belief in God. It may be nothing more than a placebo, a fairy tale that gives the hopeless hope, but sometimes a little hope is all people need to get through the day. Imagine a unit of soldiers under heavy enemy fire. They are told by their superiors to hold their position, even in the face of overwhelming fire power. The soldiers are being told that reinforcements are on the way, and that thought alone gives them the hope and courage to continue fighting, even if ultimately the reinforcements never arrive. I think some people simply need to believe that God is sending them reinforcements, to get through another day.
Your power is in your story and all the wisdom it has brought you.
At the moment that everything goes dark, the sunset in front of us becomes the whole story. But if we find courage enough to wait until tomorrow morning, we will suddenly come to understand that in reality yesterday’s sunset was only half of the story.
Don't take life for granted or love ones for granted. Today may be the only time you have left to smell the roses, to laugh at silly jokes, to dance in the rain, or to hold your loved ones close. Life is a vapor, inhale the beautiful things in life and exhale the ugly things in life!
The front door is usually unlocked and there is no alarm system. They don't wear their seat belts in the car; they don't wear suntan lotion in the sun. They have decided nothing can kill them but God himself, and they don't even believe in him.
It is pleasing to try the patience of God.
Whoever loves God, pray for purity.
May God give you much grace for every great work.
Courage is the starting point of everything good. To love another is to automatically feed the fire of courage. We cannot be humiliated when we are fighting for someone or something we love. We will not give up when we are fighting for loved ones. As we evolve, our loved ones extend out from our family to include all of humanity. Courage and confidence will grow over the years with practice and self-awareness. We are never alone. God will help us. Such is the courage which gains respect from others. More importantly, we gain respect for ourselves.
Just as a child is freely given, so is God's grace.
Grace is freely given by God, in sacred moment of salvation.
Fill your mind , with the mind of God, meditate on the Holy Scripture.
God is love, as we love we become like God
May the goodness of God's face forever shine on our path.
Prayer means God of mercy have pity on us.
You need to encourage yourself especially if you know you are on the path of significance.
There are moments when troubles enter our lives and we can do nothing to avoid them.But they are there for a reason. Only when we have overcome them will we understand why they were there.
The man of wisdom is never of two minds
A person is wise if he listens to millions of advice and doesn't implement any of it.
You can never know everything. Part of what you know is always wrong. Perhaps the most important part. A portion of wisdom lies in knowing that. A portion of knowledge lies in going on anyway.
REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESSBefore you were born,And were still too tiny forThe human eye to see,You won the race for lifeFrom among 250 million competitors.And yet,How fast you have forgottenYour strength,When your very existenceIs proof of your greatness.You were born a winner,A warrior,One who defied the oddsBy surviving the most gruesomeBattle of them all.And now that you are a giant,Why do you even doubt victoryAgainst smaller numbers,And wider margins?The only walls that exist,Are those you have placed in your mind.And whatever obstacles you conceive,Exist only because you have forgottenWhat you have alreadyAchieved.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.
Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
You see, to find the brightest wisdom one must pass through the darkest zones. And through the darkest zones there can be no guide. No guide, that is, but courage
If you are driven by fear, anger or pride nature will force you to compete. If you are guided by courage, awareness, tranquility and peace nature will serve you.
The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.
Fiction is written with reality and reality is written with fiction. We can write fiction because there is reality and we can write reality because there is fiction; everything we consider today to be myth and legend, our ancestors believed to be history and everything in our history includes myths and legends. Before the splendid modern-day mind was formed our cultures and civilizations were conceived in the wombs of, and born of, what we identify today as "fiction, unreality, myth, legend, fantasy, folklore, imaginations, fabrications and tall tales." And in our suddenly realized glory of all our modern-day "advancements" we somehow fail to ask ourselves the question "Who designated myths and legends as unreality? " But I ask myself this question because who decided that he was spectacular enough to stand up and say to our ancestors "You were all stupid and disillusioned and imagining things" and then why did we all decide to believe this person? There are many realities not just one. There is a truth that goes far beyond what we are told today to believe in. And we find that truth when we are brave enough to break away from what keeps everybody else feeling comfortable. Your reality is what you believe in. And nobody should be able to tell you to believe otherwise.
Boy, the solid things you can hold in your hands are never all you've got. They're the least of what belong to you. The qualities inside you, those are what you've really got to defend yourself with.
Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.
That was courage, Keller thought. Not doing something without being afraid, but doing something even though you were afraid.
To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.
I said, but I have to go, there are so many places calling my name.
For years I've been searching for a homeland, finally I found it in you..
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of man.
Be a craftsman in speech that thou mayest be strong, for the strength of one is the tongue, and speech is mightier than all fighting.
You will meet many opponents in your time that will come face to face with your flaws, trust the chaos ~ pain & confusion is the pathway to break open and become free.
In order to grow, I promise you'll have to let go of some habits. 10 times out of 10, they'll be the habits you're most in love with.
Vulnerability really means to be strong and secure enough within yourself that you are able to walk outside without your armor on. You are able to show up in life as just you. That is genuine strength and courage. Armor may look tough, but all it does is mask insecurity and fear.
The possibility of the dream gives strength.
When we choose to stay down, we are in reality confusing wisdom with cowardice. When we choose to stand back up, we are using wisdom to overcome cowardice.
You got up off the bathroom floor. That’s a start. Now, just stay off the floor. After all—aside from winning the lottery—all any of us can ever really hope for is more days spent standing tall than spent in pieces on the floor.
I want a man who knows something about himself. And is appalled. And has to forgive himself to get along.
You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.
It is only the brave who win life’s rewards. Those who don’t overcome their fears are destined to fail at even the least things.
In order to resist fear and discouragement, it is necessary that through prayer - through a personal experience of God re-encountered, recognized and loved in prayer - we taste and see how good the Lord is (Psalm 34).
Fear is not the end. But only a transition.
Her eyes, full of ancient, sacred wisdom. Her bones, deposits of inherited bravery. She is a proud descendant of strong, courageous women who went to the stakes fighting for their truths.
If I read inspirational words, they better have some pain to back them up. My strength for moving forward has never been sparked by flowery prose calling me and Angel. Tell me how you swallowed Hell, and lived to tell the tale... the 'pain' and your transformation - will inspire me to soar. And I promise you, I will listen.
Promise me this. When you find yourself in need of inspiration, bypass the roses that will clamor aimlessly for attention. And focus on the souls who have actually 'lived' among the thorns.
Humility is the courage to be honest with yourself and those around you.
All the things that are worth doing, take time.
Your crown has been bought and paid for. Put it on your head and wear it.
Be humble: have the courage to speak the truth.
A seeker of radical strenght Keeps everything on track, Feeble force yields at length, Not sure where to go back. When one can't find courage, And all the efforts seem vain, It's advised to fight like a sage: Be powerful like a bullet train! Too much work and no play Can make a brain go astray! Determined to live and stay Can lead life into a long way.
We ought to, as human beings, have the courage to seek a collective “truth” that benefits our species the most, and to accept that all of our doctrines and beliefs may just be incomplete. That we don’t know it all and that perhaps we never will. That others like us may have something to teach us, and we may have something to contribute to their communities. That communities, types of people, are divisions we’ve created for ourselves. That for all of what we know, the knowledge and wisdom that we have gathered in the few millennia may be a small fraction of what is there to be discovered, understood and applied.
Even in your pains, troubles or difficulties, create unforgettable memories by putting a smile on the faces of others'.
Practice bravery every day and the self-worth will come.
Bravery is the choice to show up and listen to another person, be it a loved one or perceived foe, even when it is uncomfortable, painful, or the last thing you want to do.
Make films that purify the soul with the flow of rational, vigorous and compassionate thinking.
No matter what your struggles are, everyone has their own level of greatness.
We are treated exactly the way we expect to be treated by the world and its people.
You'll always be curious yet deliriously sinking into whatever your nightmare is until you let your wings know you're serious by leaping into your wildest dreams of self love.
You have to learn where your weaknesses end and your strengths starts or you will spend your life focusing on all that falls apart.
We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.
We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.
I am my own biggest critic. Before anyone else has criticized me, I have already criticized myself. But for the rest of my life, I am going to be with me and I don't want to spend my life with someone who is always critical. So I am going to stop being my own critic. It's high time that I accept all the great things about me.
I have realized; it is during the times I am far outside my element that I experience myself the most. That I see and feel who I really am, the most! I think that's what a comet is like, you see, a comet is born in the outer realms of the universe! But it's only when it ventures too close to our sun or to other stars that it releases the blazing "tail" behind it and shoots brazen through the heavens! And meteors become sucked into our atmosphere before they burst like firecrackers and realize that they're shooting stars! That's why I enjoy taking myself out of my own element, my own comfort zone, and hurling myself out into the unknown. Because it's during those scary moments, those unsure steps taken, that I am able to see that I'm like a comet hitting a new atmosphere: suddenly I illuminate magnificently and fire dusts begin to fall off of me! I discover a smile I didn't know I had, I uncover a feeling that I didn't know existed in me... I see myself. I'm a shooting star. A meteor shower. But I'm not going to die out. I guess I'm more like a comet then. I'm just going to keep on coming back.
It is better to find your courage to make changes when you can choose to rather than being forced to. If you do not make change, change will make you.
You need to have faith in yourself. Be brave and take risks. You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
A clown on a throne is still a clown. A king in rags is still a king.
The problem about cutting out the best of your heart and giving it to people, is that 1. It hurts to do that; and 2. You never know if they are going to throw it away or not. But then you should still do it. Because any other way is cowardice. At the end of the day, it's about being brave and we are only haunted by the ghosts that we trap within ourselves; we are not haunted by the ghosts that we let out. We are haunted by the ghosts that we cover and hide. So you let those ghosts out in that best piece of your heart that you give to someone. And if the other person throws it away? Or doesn't want it to begin with? Someone else will come along one day, cut out from his/her heart that exact same jagged shape that you cut out of your own heart, and make their piece of heart fit into the rest of yours. Wait for that person. And you can fill their missing piece with your soul.
I tell people not to be afraid of their fears; because their fears are not there to scare them, they're there to let them know that something is worth it. Yet I am often afraid. I guess that means in my life, lots of things have been worth it!
Opportunity may knock only once but temptation leans on the door bell
A lot of pieces I have written have to do with courage. As a result, people think that I am naturally brave. But what people don't know, is that I grew up with phobias and many fears. I was scared of everything. So, I write of courage not because I have not known fear, but I write of courage because I have walked with fear but I have made the choice not to fear it.
Just pick a goal and stick to it―no big complicated secret.
It is not courage that makes us speak the truth, but it is a hunger for truth that makes us courageous
Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
Regardless of how black the page, he had always managed to turn it and move on to a new chapter in his life.
Be brave and take risks… You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
Know what you want and reach out eagerly for it.
Everywhere we shine death and life burn into something new…
The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.
My story was not the story of a girl's broken dreams: it was the story of a girl who couldn't be broken.
Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.
When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.
Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.
Wishes are possibilities. Dare to make a wish.
Because...” he used to cradle his daughter in his arms every morning and often they would exchange soft nuances “...if you can dream it, if you can see it in your visions at night, if you can feel it in your soul, it’s yours! And it never really belonged to anyone else, in the first place! It was always yours!” Viera returned her scroll to the drawer and closed it, she kissed the compass around her neck and climbed into her bed under the warm quilts, the candle flame crackled and the memories of her father’s arms around her embraced her there in bed and his deep, hoarse voice resounded in her ears; “... and if you chance upon a treasure that is yours and it happens to be in the possession of someone else, it’s not very wrong to take what is yours, to take what you dreamed, what you saw in your visions at night, what you felt visit you in your spirit! Sure, it’s not lawful, but aye aye my little one, listen to me when I tell you that the best things in life are not under the laws of any sort! For which law created love? Which law created courage? The best things, the real things, are the things that are not measured by any man’s laws! Fear is the only thing that any law has ever created! And what kind of pirates would we all be if we were afraid of any of our fears, even a little!
Every brick being thrown at me I will use to build my Empire!
In darkness, some flowers blossom!
You may not necessarily succeed If you try but you will always fail If you don't.
Occasionally all you need is a minute of courage to break into a world of opportunity.
The biggest of obstacle in life, is not failure. The biggest obstacle, is the fear of failure.
The biggest obstacle in life, is not failure. The biggest obstacle, is the fear of failure.
The zeal to live and the fire in my heart, is strong enough to burn away any obstacle that may come on my way. I love life too much to be suicidal.
A rose struggling in a desert is still braver than a flower flourishing in a rain forest.
Don’t be afraid of your struggles, they are making you dangerously strong and wise. They are preparing you for your superpowers. Let them happen, otherwise you’ll stay in the same damn place you’ve always been, and until you know there is so much more awesomeness in the world and within you, you’ll be content in your tiny cocoon, spinning the same circles day in and day out. Your struggles are transforming you.
Beware trying to iron out all your quirks, perceived flaws and doubts. It's often these things that help you find strength, compassion, empathy for others and heart.
Thank God for allowing you to see another day. No matter what, keep trusting, keep believing, be strong, have hope. The best is yet to come.
I work to make human beings out of human bodies. I work to make conscience out of mindlessness. I work to make Gods out of obedient worshippers.
Reach out and help others. If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. Be a vessel, be the change, be the difference, or be the inspiration. Shine your light as an example. The world needs more of that.
Today if anything is trying to hold you back, give no attention to it. Get your hopes up, get your faith up, look up, and get ready to rise up.
If you're struggling today, remember that life is worth living and believe that the best is yet to come. Remember that you are loved, you matter, and never forget that there is always hope.
Give me your soul and I will give you a unified humanity.
There is no shortage of external inspiration. Open your eyes and look and you'll be dazzled by it. But it's nothing if you fail to see the magic, wonder and potential that resides within.
The world is already full of critics; to stand out, be an encourager.
You don’t have to swim when you know how to walk on water.
It takes a warrior's courage to acknowledge that your point of view matters, that your truth matters, that your gifts matter, and that your presence on this earth matters. You don't have to earn this right; it's yours as part of your birthright.
Just becauseyou feel lostdoesn't meanthat you are.Sometimes youjust have to relax,breathe deep,and trust the pathyou're on.
Shout out to everyone transcendinga mindset, mentality, desire, belief,emotion, habit, behavior or vibration,that no longer serves them.
You are strong because of what you overcame, brave because of what you defeated, fierce because of what you mastered, and powerful because of what you conquered.
Dream while others are sleeping. Dare while others are wishing. Do while others are talking. Deliver while others are quitting.
What if we treated the ones we loved the same way we treated ourselves?
I am not perfect and I don't pretend to be. My brand is about dealing with life after it happens and not sugar coating the fact that I'm a human who makes mistakes.
To have extreme, laser-like focus, you must be willing to reject a lot of opportunities, even if they sound great.
I took up windsurfing to explore my own courage.
Circumstances, events or situations do not have inherent meanings except what you give them
The brave with all of their weaknesses are better than the cowardly with all of their strengths.
Time is the first currency for success and one we all hold in common.
You receive the gift of time freely and equally every day, beautifully wrapped in twenty-four new hours to invest in whatever you want, and how you use each hour decides your success or the lack of it
Joy gives you strength.Hope gives you fortitude.Faith gives you courage.Love gives you power.
The mind shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s wisdom; the heart, in proportion to one’s courage; and the soul, in proportion to one’s love.
If your actions don't live up to your words, you have nothing to say.
Stars do not hide from darkness. Roses do not hide from thorns. Diamonds do not hide from pressure.
When a flower rises from the earth, it is overcoming its greatest opponent: fear.
There comes a time in your life when you have to choose between giving up and staying strong, when situations will try to predict your fate, when friends will depart from you and your echo will be your only companion. When that time comes, remember just why you fought so hard to get to where you are. What is life that it should threaten your faith and who is man that you should clinch onto for happiness?You have a destination. Remember this!
Stop looking for that person you were in the past. She has changed. Look for the person she has grown into. She is wiser and stronger than than ever before. Don't go back to who you were. Cherish who you are." --Without a Voice by Chris Pepple
Find something about yourself to laugh about every day.
The most important relationship in your life should be your relationship with yourself.
You are on your way to building a significant life when your service to others stops focusing on the now and the immediate future and instead focuses on generations to come and how your actions today will impact them long after you are gone.
To find true fulfilment, you must live your life’s purpose.
There isn’t a single definition of happiness to suit everyone’s requirements, but you know it when you feel it
Success and the pursuit of it can nourish your body, but only significance has the ability to nourish your mind, body and spirit.
Master the art of finding something to celebrate about in each moment and life will become an exciting adventure
Don’t try, be happy.
You already have the abundance of life in you, and each day you must decide to live abundantly by choosing not to live in the past, by never taking counsel of your fear, and most importantly by seeing the greatness within you and embracing it.
The abundant life should include all that life has freely given you – love, good health, success, prosperity, happiness, joy, spirituality, fulfilment, wisdom, purpose, growth and excitement.
To succeed in life you need five things – a burning desire, a willingness to do whatever it takes, wisdom, incredible effort, and a commitment to never ending improvement.
The greatest people in history were those who lived a life of significance and service. You can join them if you’re willing to serve.
You need time, perseverance, and patience to develop the character and abilities required for success.
Define success by your terms, not by other people’s standards.
Greatness is achieved when you fulfil your purpose by doing what you were born to do.
Always direct your emotions, desires, behaviour, and actions in the present so they are in alignment with what you want in your future.
Self-discipline is a prerequisite to progress.
Your ego does not need to be crushed, it needs to be redeemed.
Perfection is the lowest standard out there because it is unattainable. Be the best you can but don’t try to be someone you were not born to be.
Your words reveal your wants but your actions reveal your expectations.
You have mastered the art of discipline when you are able to act according to what you ultimately desire rather than how you feel in the present moment.
To get to ‘yes’ from ‘no’, you may have to journey through ‘maybe’.
Ninety-five per cent of your success or failure will come from your daily habits.
Staying true to your dream by using your mental, emotional and physical strength is discipline in action. You express it through focus, grit, self-control, persistence, perseverance, and willpower.
Discipline is more about self-control through your inner strength and less about restriction.
The ability to make yourself do what needs to be done at the appropriate time and in the appropriate manner – irrespective of your feelings – marks the true test of self-discipline.
Self-discipline is a learned habit that should be developed and continuously worked on through regular application, practice, and repetition.
Discipline begins where you are, and the key to sustaining the level of discipline you need lies in developing daily habits and routines which mirror the life you want to have.
The investment you make in others is transferred to everyone they influence long after you’re gone. Significance
Significance is about making a difference, and its pursuit should ideally come before the pursuit of success – or at least at the same time.
It’s not how long you live that matters, it’s how well you live.
Have you decided how great you want to be? It’s really up to you. Greatness is a choice.
Success may create excitement, but only significance leads to fulfilment.
Success lasts a lifetime but stops at the end of your life. Significance lasts many lifetimes and continues long after you’re gone.
If you see success as a race, then you will start eagerly with enthusiasm and passion with the hope of finishing quickly but there is much more to your success journey than your duration and speed.
Whatever it is that may be bothering you, whatever it is that may have your attention arrested, you have the power to rescue yourself.
Achievers are biased towards action despite any fear, and this courage sets them apart from others.
Healing starts the moment you accept the truth about what has happened. But healing doesn’t come quickly. When you know that death or pain has come, you face a moment when you stare that pain in the eyes and declare that you will not be defeated by it. Then you turn away and grieve." -Chris Pepple, Without a Voice
You need courage because at various moments in your life you might need to attempt something new, push yourself outside your comfort zone, challenge the status quo, change your story, or overcome your fear.
Having a nice library doesn’t make you smart. Don’t buy books and stack them up in your library
Acting courageously is about knowing and making the right choices based on a deep conviction that dwarfs fear, doubt, and worry.
Courage is the ability to make yourself take action in spite of your fear.
Successful people’s dreams aren’t just about results. They’re about the changes their dreams will bring to their lives and the impact achieving their goal will have on those around them.
Dare to be different.
Big dreams only come true when you believe and have the courage to pursue them.
Courage is important but it shouldn’t be used in making impulsive decisions or taking uncalculated actions.
You might fear you don’t have what it takes, but you don’t need to have all the answers or everything figured right from the start.
Finding the courage to break away from other people’s opinions, and your self-limiting thoughts, could be the most significant breakthrough transformation you make on your journey to success.
You are a product of the stories you believe and accept.
Until you develop the courage to pursue that dream in your heart, you will never reach your true potential.
To become successful you have to dream big. Small dreams don’t have the magic to stir up passion and greatness within you.
For any marginalized group to change the story that society tells about them takes courage and perseverance.
To encourage people, walk beside them. To inspire people, walk in front of them. To drive people, walk behind them. To lead people, walk with them.
Everybody is a champion! Everybody has conquered something in life before! You have achieved something great before: your first time of walking. Remember how life would have been should you have failed to challenge and overcome that challenge, even as an infant! If you could do that as an infant, you can conquer great challenges now to leave great and indelible mark before you go! He who thinks failure has a super power over him should remember the first day he took the first step to walk! He who wants to end it all because of failure must think of why he never ended the journey of life just because he tried walking the first time ever and fell, but stood up and tried over and over until he could walk without a fall! Take your courage and be a champion! Dare to conquer life!
All goals are not created equal
Godly character is what you are when you've been tried and proven. It is not what you say you are, or what people think you are but, instead, it is what shines through after you have suffered and have endured. It is the proof of your genuineness.
It's better to move on now and feel a pinch, than hold on and later treat a wound
18.	Godly character is what you are when you've been tried and proven. It is not what you say you are, or what people think you are but, instead, it is what shines through after you have suffered and have endured. It is the proof of your genuineness.
Sacrifice doesn’t mean giving up something for nothing
Talent alone does nothing
All happiness depends on courage and work.
The secret of happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage.
Happiness depends on being free, and freedom depends on being courageous.
It is not as much about who you used to be, as it is about who you choose to be.
Your most important “want” should be the one you can control!
Through strength I found loveIn time I found myself in happiness with you
To embark on the journey towards your goals and dreams requires bravery. To remain on that path requires courage. The bridge that merges the two is commitment.
Do we take less pride in the possession of our home because its walls were built by some unknown carpenter, its tapestries woven by some unknown weaver on a far Oriental shore, in some antique time? No. We show our home to our friends with the pride as if it were our home, which it is. Why then should we take less pride when reading a book written by some long-dead author? Is it not our book just as much, or even more so, than theirs? So the landowner says, ‘Look at my beautiful home! Isn’t it fine?’ And not, ‘Look at the home so-and-so has built.’ Thus we shouldn’t cry, ‘Look what so-and-so has written. What a genius so-and-so is!’ But rather, ‘Look at what I have read! Am I not a genius? Have I not invented these pages? The walls of this universe, did I not build? The souls of these characters, did I not weave?
Manners and politeness will never become old-fashioned.
Gratitude was never meant to be an excuse for giving up on the obstacles God has put before you. Some of the most magical things he can bring us require faith and a lot of planning.
When a Wanderess has been caged, or perched with her wings clipped, She lives like a Stoic, She lives most heroic, smiling with ruby, moistened lips once her cup of Death is welcome sipped.
Pats cīnies, palīdz, domā, spried un sver,Pats esi kungs, pats laimei – durvis ver!
If you follow your heart, you know true happiness.
If you want to make people angry. Be Happy. It's sad that people cant stand when others are happy inlife. It really says a lot about them.
Hope lies in what action we take.
Inner beauty, warm-heartedness and compassion, is what brings about peace of mind.
Where your heart is, there is your treasure of happiness.
Don't pay attention to people Who tell you can't do it at lenght. Trusting your own instincts Can lead to what's quintessential. Make their limitation be your strenght. You might as well contradict them And then reach your full potential.
The reason a lot of people can’t find happiness is because they don’t look for it. They allow themselves to be stuck in the same situations. Sometimes happiness comes with the courage to break free.
Have the courage to follow your heart.
If only I could spend all my days surrounded by people brave enough to open their hearts for real.
Living life without a goal is like sailing the sea without a compass.
I can’t tell you anything about yourself you don’t already know…WAIT…unless you don’t know you’re an incredibly freaking amazing person with boundless gifts to share…then I can tell you that.
Grow your courage by remembering each day is a gift.
If I can draw the slightest smile across a single face obliterated by pain, in that act I will have begun to understand the power of an ordinary human being to perform the seemingly impossible in the life of another human being. And how can that experience do anything less than drive me to try and make the world smile.
A woman must prefer her liberty over a man. To be happy, she must. A man to be happy, however, must yearn for his woman more than his liberty. This is the rightful order.
Advice to my younger self:1 Start where you are with what you have2 Try not to hurt other people3 Take more chances4 If you fail, keep trying
Positive thinking is powerful thinking. If you want happiness, fulfillment, success and inner peace, start thinking you have the power to achieve those things. Focus on the bright side of life and expect positive results.
When God takes out the trash, don't go digging back through it. Trust Him.
Though no one can backtrack and create a brand new start, Everyone is capable of taking their life in a brand new direction.
LIFE - Death's Very Emissary
Everybody needs to be good-natured with a good heart, because in this way we can solve our own problems as well as those of others, and we can make our human life meaningful.
We do not recognize that we are addicted to some negative psychological habit, some terribly self-destructive patterns of thinking...
We are living a fantasy life in our heads, and our real life is passing by, moment by moment.Life is only lived in moments: anything else is a fantasy, a lie, an illusion.
Karma is a balance sheet of life which debits and credit all your deeds.YourWhich is audited by our creator and actions are based on what we accumulated in it.
Karma is the balance sheet of life which debits and credit all your deeds.YourWhich is audited by our creator and actions are based on what we accumulated in it.
We create karma by all kinds of selfish actions.The first thing we must understand is that we are psychologically asleep.It is very difficult for us to be conscious of ourselves. We are not very aware. We must come to recognize that we do not pay attention.
Self-observation is simply the observation of an internal state and an external event. It is pure awareness, which gives one the ability to choose one's actions. Only by having the choice can one perform what is right.
Desires and Karma are the worst enemies living in the same soul together. It depends on us whom we choose and feed.
When no possessions keep us, when no countries contain us, and no time detains us, man becomes a heroic wanderer, and woman, a wanderess.
What is a Wanderess? Bound by no boundaries, contained by no countries, tamed by no time, she is the force of nature’s course.
He was no god, just an artist; and when an artist is a man, he needs a woman to create like a god.
The single greatest cause of happiness is gratitude.
Those who are truly grateful are deeply moved by the privilege of living.
Love wins when reflections win over reflexes.
In the end, you will realize most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly.
I'd learned more about her in that exhausted, murmuring hour than in all the many months before it. Lovers find their way by such insights and confidences: they're the stars we use to navigate the ocean of desire. And the brightest of those stars are the heartbreaks and sorrows. The most precious gift you can bring to your lover is your suffering. So I took each sadness she confessed to me, and pinned it to the sky.
The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.
Those who achieve the extraordinary are usually the most ordinary because they have nothing to prove to anybody. Be Humble.
It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.
Happiness will be fleeting if you constantly search for it in places that can be taken away. It's an inside job.
Every person has his secret; in reverie, unbeknown to others, he finds peace, freedom, sorrow and love.
It takes a lot of courage to be happy.
Knowing that you can endure a very difficult challenge offers a degree of confidence that the next challenge can also be endured.
She looked at him, his soft brown eyes and tall form, and contemplated raising herself on her toes and kissing his ear, or his cheek...Instead, impulsively before leaving, she reached up and smoothed his mussed hair.Mr. Bradford beamed.
We had no one else to learn this from- none of our parents were shining examples of relationship success- so we learned this from each other: when someone you love needs you to, you can get a hold of your five-alarm temper, get a hold of the shapeless things that scare you senseless, act like an adult instead of the Cro-Magnon teenager you are, you can do a million things you never saw coming.
Love, like Fortune, favours the bold.
You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore.
You do not need to know precisely what is happening, or exactly where it is all going. What you need is to recognize the possibilities and challenges offered by the present moment, and to embrace them with courage, faith and hope.
Even in the mud and scum of things, something always, always sings.
What makes a hero? Courage, strength, morality, withstanding adversity? Are these the traits that truly show and create a hero? Is the light truly the source of darkness or vice versa? Is the soul a source of hope or despair? Who are these so called heroes and where do they come from? Are their origins in obscurity or in plain sight?
Courage will now be your best defence against the storm that is at hand-—that and such hope as I bring.
I plead with you--never, ever give up on hope, never doubt, never tire, and never become discouraged. Be not afraid.
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right, even though I think it is hopeless.
IT IS BY CHOICE AND NOT BY CHANCES THAT WE CHANGE OUR CIRCUMSTANCES.
The greatest joys in life are found not only in what we do and feel, but also in our quiet hopes and labors for others.
Then, in spite of everything, he began to smile. So much of his existence in Everlost had been full of despair. Despair, and a fear of losing what he had. But Allie was not lost, she was just there across the river, waiting for him to find her. Nick was not lost either--not entirely.It was then that Mikey McGill realized something. It must have been his sister who first called this place Everlost, because by naming it so, it stripped away all hope except for a faith in her, and the "safety" she could provide. Well, Mary was wrong on all counts, because nothing in Everlost was lost forever, if one had the courage to search for it.Mikey held tightly on to this shining truth as he and the golem sunk into the earth. Then with all the force of his heart, his mind, and his soul, Mikey McGill began to dig.
In these downbeat times, we need as much hope and courage as we do vision and analysis; we must accent the best of each other even as we point out the vicious effects of our racial divide and pernicious consequences of our maldistribution of wealth and power. We simply cannot enter the twenty-first century at each other's throats, even as we acknowledge the weighty forces of racism, patriarchy, economic inequality, homophobia, and ecological abuse on our necks. We are at a crucial crossroad in the history of this nation--and we either hang together by combating these forces that divide and degrade us or we hang separately. Do we have the intelligence, humor, imagination, courage, tolerance, love, respect, and will to meet the challenge? Time will tell. None of us alone can save the nation or world. But each of us can make a positive difference if we commit ourselves to do so.
Endings are abstruse, mystic and unreal. They are but depleted beginnings purposed to be substituted with newer ones.A transition of outlook and time, similar to our differing moods before and after slumber. Before the act we witness an exhaustion, a sulkiness but on gaining consciousness, we’re rejuvenated and good humored. The wakefulness is the new beginning whereas the tension the disturbance we perceive each night is the weariness of the beginnings, of each day. So there never really is an end, all that there are are beginnings.Beginnings which are promising, which offer hope, which have a new leash on life, which neither denounce nor belittle rather soothe and console by reconstructing the broken pieces of yesterday, mending them and reinforcing them with courage and beauty like never before.
We must be content to grow slowly. Most of us will still barely be at the beginning of our recovery by the time we die. But that is better than killing ourselves pretending to be healthy.
You can give illness to her body but you can't take the gypsy out of that girl.
Here is little habit that can make a big difference. Send sunbeams. Intentionally send a word of encouragement or appreciation every day to one person.
To die,so young to die.No, no, not I,I love the warm sunny skies,light, song, shining eyes,I want no war, no battle cry,No, no, not I.
How does one kill fear, I wonder? How do you shoot a spectre through the heart, slash off its spectral head, take it by its spectral throat?
The job facing American voters… in the days and years to come is to determine which hearts, minds and souls command those qualities best suited to unify a country rather than further divide it, to heal the wounds of a nation as opposed to aggravate its injuries, and to secure for the next generation a legacy of choices based on informed awareness rather than one of reactions based on unknowing fear.
Every goal first started as something in our mind. You have it all within you!
Why wait? So precious is this life—this gift—this temporary blindness. Burn and drown and embrace the false dark, then grasp the unthinkable height of resulting joy. For in the end, in the light of truth when the flesh is cast off, there is nothing but this.
Morning dew upon the grass,glistening in the sun.Yesterday’s gone,tomorrow may come,but this day has begun.
Their words of encouragement were just what I needed. I was doing a great job, and I appreciated their cheers.I felt a dormlike camaraderie in the burn unit, since each of us knew the challenges we were facing like no one else could, and therefore how meaningful each triumph was.
It is always better to look at the bright side of life.
It's always darkest before dawn. We just have to wait a little while longer. The sun always rises.
I have faced many moments of despair, thank God who relieved me from distress.
Do not lose heart. Hang on to hope.
The heavenly Father is a hope to the hopeless.
Without hope, we lose heart.
The power within is strength of the spirit.
You can have what you desire if it is a holy dream.
Wylan summoned every bit of bravado he'd learned from Nina, the will he'd learned from Matthias, the focus he'd studied in Kaz, the courage he'd learned from Inej, and the wild, reckless hope he'd learned from Jesper, the belief that no matter the odds, somehow they would win.
Make time to pray.
Every one at some point felt discouraged, it was our faithful companions, who lifted our spirit to find hope again.
With grace of God, we can only be glad.
You have travel too far to quit, may the grace of faith, keep you going in the forward motion to reach the ultimate goal.
I count everything loss, to gain anything under the power of grace in Jesus Christ.
Hope is full assurance of faith.
The vision is always for the appointed time. Though it tarry, it will not fail. It shall surely come to pass in perfect moment.
Stay forever enthusiastic about your desirable dreams.
You see, if we have no hope, we have nothing
Never give up hope. All things are working for your good. One day, you'll look back on everything you've been through and thank God for it.
The enemy fights the hardest when you are closest to your breakthrough. Know that your best days are ahead and no weapon formed will prosper.
Where God guides, He provides. No matter how things look, God is still in control. Stay in peace and be hopeful. Your blessing is coming soon.
With the spirit of endurance, we shall strive in any situation.
Every corner and room of a house will carry memories, make these the most pleasurable times you shared with your family.
Do not seek to be known as honorable or courageous. Simply as true. It is then you will surely be known as them both.
If someone gives you tough situation, it's better to make a distance.
Don't ever get discouraged, your effort may not be acknowledged but trust me it's noticed.
Though the fire and water tried to overtake me, I have come out to a place of great abundance and God has given me hope again.
Lose of hope leads to discouragement.
No matter how dysfunctional your background, how broke or broken you are, where you are today, or what anyone else says, YOU MATTER, and your life matters!
Embrace who you are and your divine purpose. Identify the barriers in your life, and develop discipline, courage and the strength to permanently move beyond them, and keep moving forward.
Strong is the man who can pull apart his own pride and hopelessness; courageous is the man who then reaches in, near his most vital inner workings to pull out the slivers and shards of mortality that have worked their way in.It’s not about determining the shade of grey the white paint in the bucket has become, but finding where the black paint is dripping from, and stopping it.
Don't give up when dark times come. The more storms you face in life, the stronger you'll be. Hold on. Your greater is coming.
You're going to make it;You're going to be at peace;You're going to create, and love, and laugh, and live;You're going to do great things.
To everyone battling a difficulty or under attack right now, smile, keep your head up, keep moving and stay positive, you'll get through it.
The only way you're going to reach places you've never gone is if you trust God's direction to do things you've never done.
So much can change from one day to the next, but the one thing that always remains the same is God. Stay focused on Him. In God We Trust.
In life, things can always go wrong, So always keep your heart strong, Carry on, and never give up hope.
And when hope returns to us, it will be with a passion and power to match every ounce of this crushing despair and pain, every fiery shred of determination that carried us when hope failed. It will claim us with a courage that will make the goddess herself quake and doubt herself.
There is never a guarantee of survival, no matter your strength or skill or wit. There is only the day you are conceived and the day you die, and all else is a series of moments you either embrace or endure.
I know it is difficult to believe in your own courage or fortitude when everything inside of you feels weak and shattered. But do not believe what you feel. You will not be easily broken.
What else has kept any of us going, but love of someone or the memory of that love?
One of our goals is to encourage people that there is hope, there is a future.
We will not die cornered and cowering in the ruins of a dead city.
Sometimes all it takes is a little watering everyday and a sunny day to follow, that's how weeds become flowers and new dawns rise - why would it be any less then for a human life?
The trick is to learn from your mistakes, and have the courage to be true to your heart.
I know that the future seems hard and scary, but it will get better, I promise. It's time for you to move on. Get going.
Go be absolutely, positively, fucking angelic.
The thing is, there is no certainty in this life - in one second your entire world could shift. I'm not saying it will, but I am living proof that It can. We never prepare for tragedy and that's a good thing but my god what's it's taught me is how little we appreciate what we have or some cases once had.
I thank God every day for this life, and I want there to be more, though that’s not known. What is known is that I’m alive today, this minute. And that’s pretty much what we all have – this day, this moment.
We all die. Not all of us live.
If I’ve learned anything from facing death, it is that life is not meant to be survived. Life is the greatest adventure there is. And why stop your adventuring when someone says the end may be near? The truth is, we never know when the end will actually come. None of us will avoid it forever. What’s the point in trying? Live fearlessly!
I am fighting to stay alive not because I fear death, but because I love life.
Acceptance of death and cancer did not mean I intended to give up, just the opposite. I was prepared to fight cancer not out of fear of dying, but out of joy of living.
Through the Grace of God and His medicine I am healed.” The prayer was accompanied by a vision straight out of Braveheart, a line of Scottish Highland warriors in kilts with huge shields and long spears marching in brave unison and attacking and killing the cancer. They were advancing, towards the cancer, striking and killing it with strong accurate thrusts from their sharp spears. The vision was so strong I could hear marching feet, and visibly see the cancer in me dying. “Through the Grace of God and His medicine I am healed,” became my constant prayer. The prayer awakened with me each day, coming on the wings of the morning. It followed in my heart through the day, and was on my lips as I drifted to sleep at night.
When I put down Lance Armstrong’s book, I understood something profoundly. Edie, if you can move, you’re not sick. I decided right then and there that no matter what cancer did to me I would continue to move. Movement was what the physical body was designed to do; it was how it coped and functioned. Movement was vitality. It was life.I would move. Always. No matter what. Until my last breath, I would move.
When I put down Lance Armstrong’s book, I understood something profoundly. Edie, if you can move, you’re not sick. I decided right then and there that no matter what cancer did to me I would continue to move. Movement was what the physical body was designed to do; it was how it coped and functioned. Movement was vitality. It was life. I would move. Always. No matter what. Until my last breath, I would move.
I started to walk the day I was told I was dying of cancer. I believe walking has kept me alive. I live with a constant, pressing awareness of death. Once I start to walk, I am not afraid anymore; all is well.
I walk to rid myself of the terror of cancer, and to overcome the fear of it coming back. The fear may never completely fade, but actively engaging life – whatever that may involve – reminds me of the joy each day can bring.
I love to walk. Walking is a spiritual journey and a reflection of living. Each of us must determine which path to take and how far to walk; we must find our own way, what is right for one may not be for another. There is no single right way to deal with late stage cancer, to live life or approach death, or to walk an old mission trail.
what once cause catastrophe in my life has now become the catalyst for my direction.
I have this one little life to live with, it's not the plan I had in mind but I can accept its the calling of my soul. The irony in gaining freedom through the heartbreak of stillness.
Life's trials will test you, and shape you, but don’t let them change who you are.”~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive
From this point forward, you don’t even know how to quit in life.”~ Aaron Lauritsen, ‘100 Days Drive
True friends don't come with conditions.
The high road of grace will get you somewhere a whole lot faster then the freeway of spite.
The highway of grace will get you somewhere a whole lot faster then the freeway of spite.
Be a team player, not a bandwagon jumper.
You were built for this moment.
... What of this "despair?" I know it all too well... because up until now... I've climbed up, kicked it in it's teeth, and surpassed it... over and over again just to make it to this very moment!
There is strange comfort in knowing that no matter what happens today, the Sun will rise again tomorrow.
The freedom of the open road is seductive, serendipitous and absolutely liberating.
At some point, you just gotta forgive the past, your happiness hinges on it.
We love our partners for who they are, not for who they are not.
Explore, Experience, Then Push Beyond.
Travel is costly yes, but it pays dividends too.
If you didn't earn something, it's not worth flaunting.
Without struggle, success has no value.
God is my strength and my defense. When I am weak, he makes me strong. When I am broken, he makes me whole.
There is no such thing as loving a child too much.
It’s the ‘everyday’ experiences we encounter along the journey to who we wanna be that will define who we are when we get there.
Successes are those highlights of life we look back on with a smile. But it's the day to day grind of getting them that defines the laugh lines etched until the end of time. Enjoy each moment along the way
There's more to a person than flesh. Judge others by the sum of their soul and you'll see that beauty is a force of light that radiates from the inside out.
Building bridges is the best defence against ignorance.
Hope is the little bird that continues to sing the songs of possibilities in your heart when everything else says to give up.
Hope is an all seeing eye that triangles the eternal humbleness in our existence. Hope is what makes us smile through our unwavering faith. When we hope, we organize our details to become conscious citizens of the world.
She was always fighting a battle but her smile would never tell you so.
The world is broken he said, how will you fix it? I don't think anyone can fix it but we can teach ourselves & eachother to focus on the good and the important and maybe little by little this place won't feel so heavy.
With every step we take we have a choice to make. Our choices determine our actions. Our actions determine who we are.
it takes hope and courage to keep fighting even when the world gives up
it takes hope and courage to keep fighting even after the world has given up.
Our imagination and hope become a reality if we have the courage to believe and take action to realize them.
Permit no one to define you by your mistakes or your past
I Love the Smell of Success in the Shadows of Failure.~Ayyaz Ameer Meo
If we throw blankets over our children's dreams, we darken their world and extinguish their desire to live.
Never let the occasional delays in your life dampen your dreams
You may have fallen down, but you can get back up again. You may have doors shut, but new doors will open for you. You may have been lied on, but the truth will come to the light. You may have been hurt, but the pain will pass. You are a survivor. You have a history of surviving.
Once your soul is awakened, you never return to the sleepwalking state of mind. Some people become complacent in life. They are just going through the motions and not aware of truth. Seek the knowledge, wisdom, and the understandings that vivify your existence.
Walk gently, and be brave.
I Am ! Two powerful words.... You must confess... I Am who God called me to be. I Am a Success. I Am not what you think of me. I Am more than a conqueror. I Am walking by Faith. I Am a Gift.
When I was young, I thought I was a bird at one time. Then they told me I can't fly, so I stopped flying.
Life is cold, but I will put on my clothes and wear my shoes
Bushido is realized in the presence of death. This means choosing death whenever there is a choice between life and death. There is no other reasoning.
As for my own part I care not for death, for all men are mortal; and though I be a woman yet I have as good a courage answerable to my place as ever my father had. I am your anointed Queen. I will never be by violence constrained to do anything. I thank God I am indeed endowed with such qualities that if I were turned out of the realm in my petticoat I were able to live in any place in Christendom.
I want to look at you as you kill me.
I always say, if you must mount the gallows, give a jest to the crowd, a coin to the hangman, and make the drop with a smile on your lips.
You people have a religion of death that fills you with the joy and courage to confront it...I do not. I believe the only essential thing is to be alive.- Abrenucio
Fight on, brave knights! Man dies, but glory lives! Fight on; death is better than defeat! Fight on brave knights! for bright eyes behold your deeds!
The foolish rush to end their lives.Only the steadfast soul survives.
From a purely physical standpoint she didn't have a chance, but her attitude was that death was better than capitulation.
I was afraid, sheer afraid, and wondered at myself. You see, I've no more pluck than any man of my inches but I'd been about a good bit. I'd seen adventure and heard other fellows talk it over, and I knew you're pretty sure to get out of everything with a whole skin till that last particular time that you don't - so what's the use of grizzling? ("Golden Baby")
A 'civilization' that makes such a ridiculous fuss about alleged 'war crimes' - acts of violence against the actual or potential enemies of one's cause - and tolerates slaughterhouses and vivisection laboratories, and circuses and the fur industry (infliction of pain upon creatures that can never be for or against any cause), does not deserve to live.
A man must be prepared to face life, as well as death, there's no escape from either.
Head up, heart open. To better days!
If your enemy is hungry, feed him; if he is thirsty, give him something to drink. In doing this, you will heap burning coals on his head.
Elevate your inside game. A negative attitude is below the horizon...a place for lonesome hearts.
Success is not determined by the outcome. The outcome is the result of having already decided that you are successful to begin with.
Bravado may stir the crowd, but courage needs no audience.
I live to inspire, not start the fire.
Fear is the lack of faith in one's ability to create powerful solutions.
Inside the scrawny adolescent was a soul that defied extinction.
Your looks will introduce you, but your character and personality will make them to like you,love you and they would want to keep you.
Speak Life:You are loved.You have purpose.You are a masterpiece.You are wonderfully made.God has a great plan for you.
Our government says people must not take law in their own hands, But has given the law in the hands of people who in power. That is why people who are in power are always corrupt, arrogant, violent, Aggressive, selfish, and don't care about anyone. They get away with all the bad things they do that Is criminating unlawful and injustice
Love is not blind, lovers can see what others cannot see.
She is of the strangest beauty and the darkest courage, and when she walks with intent the earth trembles beneath her feet.
When you find a truth that surpasses your desire to fit trends and meet approval, you can be certain it’s worth fighting to spread.
I twist and pin my hair at the nape of my neck, and then stand with legs wide. It’s what Nash told me to do before speaking because men, no matter how many times they profess women are equal, prefer to take direction from bodies like theirs.
The truth is crazier than lies because lies are required to stick to possibilities—the truth isn’t.
Plants are more courageous than almost all human beings: an orange tree would rather die than produce lemons, whereas instead of dying the average person would rather be someone they are not.
She wears it so beautifully doesn’t she, her pain… Always smiling, always positive…. always happy to help… It’s like a garment perfectly tailored to fit the way she carries it… with a touch of grace… and the quietness of that sad smile…. All so you’d never know how heavy it really was.
You won’t accomplish or reach your greatest potential in life if your main focus is on what other people think of you. No matter how great you are, some people will form their own negative opinions of you. Don’t give your haters your time or energy! People that are negative, jealous, and envious of you aren’t worth your future. Go after your dreams with purpose and unwavering belief!
O' melancholy,hectic chill for human soul,herewith dismal presence,any spirit does descent.
A courageous and determined person finds opportunity in every adversity.
To see yourself and others in the darkness, be the light of courage and enlighten them.
Those who lack courage, can’t be kind for kindness is a state of courage.
Courage is the vision that lets us see ourselves in the mirror of our fears.
Fear of failure is fiction, face this fact and fear will fall.
May we always be burdened with thinking of the suffering of others, for that is what it means to be human.
Let your love be your guide. Let your courage be your driver, and let your passion be your road to enjoy this magnificent life to the fullest.
Today’s struggle will be tomorrow’s strength so welcome it with love and courage.
True kindness is evidence of true courage.
A great teacher not only teaches, but they also encourage and appreciate improvement.
Appreciation is the best currency to encourage someone do something for humanity.
You create the possibility of reaching your desired destinations if you have the courage to begin your journey.
Belief and faith have nothing to do with each other. Beliefs are the manifestation of fear whereas faith comes from courage.
Oh my dear heart! Be courageous and never fear to love.
Be courageous. Always be a voice for those who are oppressed.
Courage is the ability to take bold action in spite of fear.
To create new rules, use the power of love, courage, and kindness to break the rules.
Triumphs are usually the outcomes of countless learned-from 'failures
when I am feelinglowall i have to do iswatch my catsand mycouragereturns
You must burn. Burn higher. Burn for everything you have ever wanted. For everything you have ever lost, for every crack in your heart and every fraction of every irreplaceable moment. Burn high for love. For fear. For life. Burn as fast and as long as you can. You must burn, burn higher. Because nothing in this world will kill you faster than a dying fire.
I regret to say I'munable to reply to your unexpressed desires.
Oh I know it's cliché but yeah they say that great men make it in-To places few others who even do take the risk've ever been
How hard it is, to be forced to the conclusion that people should be, nine tenths of the time, left alone! - When there is that in me that longs for absolute commitment. One of the poem-ideas I had was that one could respect only the people who knew that cups had to be washed up and put away after drinking, and knew that a Monday of work follows a Sunday in the water meadows, and that old age with its distorting-mirror memories follows youth and its raw pleasures, but that it's quite impossible to love such people, for what we want in love is release from our beliefs, not confirmation in them. That is where the 'courage of love' comes in - to have the courage to commit yourself to something you don't believe, because it is what - for the moment, anyway - thrills your by its audacity. (Some of the phrasing of this is odd, but it would make a good poem if it had any words...)
A man who is intimate with God is not intimidated by man.
If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.
Your heart’s strength is measured by how hard it holds on. Your self worth and faith is measured by finally letting go. However, your peace is measured by how long you don’t look back.
For me the most radical demand of Christian faith lies in summoning the courage to say yes to the present risenness of Jesus Christ.
It isn't for the moment you are struck that you need courage, but for that long uphill climb back to sanity and faith and security.
Always have faith in yourself and the universe, for one will not get you anywhere without the other. Both must be equally strong to reach your desires, for they are the wings that will lift you to your dreams.
We were as Hansel and Gretel and we ventured out into the black forest of the world.
The presence of a noble nature, generous in its wishes, ardent in its charity, changes the lights for us: we begin to see things again in their larger, quieter masses, and to believe that we too can be seen and judged in the wholeness of our character.
When you SEE into the invisible, you will DARE to do the impossible!
As the essence of courage is to stake one's life on a possibility, so the essence of faith is to believe the possibility exists.
I think this is what we all want to hear: that we are not alone in hitting the bottom, and that it is possible to come out of that place courageous, beautiful, and strong.
You can do anything you want to do, if you want to do it bad enough.
[at CMC West Coast 2011, on 1 Samuel 14] If just a few of you would step up and be like Jonathan ... as you step out in faith, you know what's going to happen? There'll be people like Saul who'll say, "God's doing something through that guy, God's doing something through that girl. I want to be a part of that.
Destroy what you have become and become what you did destroy/
Reading about the response of people in stories, plays, poems, helps us to respond more courageously and openly at our own moments of turning.
As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.
It take faith to follow your dreams and courage to reach them.
You are all soldiers of Christ," he said, "and now is an opportunity given to you to show that you are worthy soldiers. When the troops of a worldly monarch go into battle they do so with head erect, with proud and resolute bearing, with flashing eye, and with high courage, determined to bear aloft his banner and to crown it with victory, even though it cost them their lives. Such is the mien that soldiers of Christ should bear in the mortal strife now raging round us. Let them show the same fearlessness of death, the same high courage, the same unlimited confidence in their Leader. What matter if they die in His service? He has told them what their work should be. He has bidden them visit the sick and comfort the sorrowing. What if there be danger in the work? Did He shrink from the Cross which was to end His work of love, and is it for His followers to do so? 'Though you go down into the pit,' He has said, 'I am there also'; and with His companionship one must be craven indeed to tremble. This is a noble opportunity for holding high the banner of Christ. There is work to be done for all, and as the work is done, men should see by the calm courage, the cheerfulness, and the patience of those that do it, that they know that they are doing His work, and that they are content to leave the issue, whatever it be, in His hands.
Prophet,' he said, 'Your doctrines I do not know; therefore if I accepted them, I would do it out of fear like a coward and a base man. Are you anxious that your faith be professed by cowards and base people?
If you are still alive, time is now, reject sin, seek righteousness.
To reject the Word of God is to forsake the holy grace.
Whoever knows God, depart from evil.
Is he alone who has courage on his right hand and faith on his left hand?
Fear is a faint heart.
Years ago I asked my friend, the great actress Ruth Gordon, to articulate in a few words the secret to her indomitable, unsinkable spirit. Her reply was a gift that became a mantra for me:“It takes courage.It takes believing in it.It takes work.It takes rising above it.It takes me liking you, and you liking me.It takes the dreaming soul of the human race that wants it to go right.Never stop dreaming.Think about it.
When we grow in faith, the doubt shall ceased.
Without faith, we faint.
The choice of courage is the confident in JESUS CHRIST.
The greatest power is the power of pray.
The sweet pleasure of prayer, the grace of the soul.
Whatever you do needs a true you.
Trials are a measure of your faith, so be courageous when going through trials in life.
Stand like a beaten anvil, when thy dreamIs laid upon thee, golden from the fire.Flinch not, though heavily through that furnace-gleamThe black forge-hammers fall on thy desire.Demoniac giants round thee seem to loom.'Tis but the world-smiths heaving to and fro.Stand like a beaten anvil. Take the doomTheir ponderous weapons deal thee, blow on blow.Needful to truth as dew-fall to the flowerIs this wild wrath and this implacable scorn.For every pang, new beauty, and new power,Burning blood-red shall on thy heart be born.Stand like a beaten anvil. Let earth's wrongBeat on that iron and ring back in song.
What do you see when you look in the mirror? I hope it goes beyond beauty. I hope what you see is that person who's worth it and deserves nothing less than the best, I hope that you see beyond the pain, I hope that you see the glory ahead of you, I hope that you see the strong woman who doesn't break to fail, but breaks to stand and I hope that you'll always remember that you need to love the person in the mirror first to make a change
What do you see when you look in the mirror? I hope it goes beyond beauty. I hope what you see is that person who's worth it and deserves nothing less than the best, I hope that you see beyond the pain, I hope that you see the glory ahead of you, I hope that you see the strong woman who doesn't break to fail, but breaks to stand the tallest and I hope that you'll always remember that you need to love the person in the mirror first to make a change
With God, you are stronger than your struggles and more fierce than your fears. God provides comfort and strength to those who trust in Him. Be encouraged, keep standing, and know that everything's going to be alright.
Do not come into agreement with fear. Activate your faith, live in victory, speak over your life and expect great things to come your way.
Have the courage to rise from the challenges of life like a phoenix from the flames or you'll get lost in the ashes of despair, pain, and regret.
Show a little faith in someone when they need it. It’s amazing how it comes back around to you.
Hit the reset button. Whatever happened yesterday, forget about it. Get a new perspective. Today is a new day. Fresh start, begins now.
Step out on faith and walk into your purpose.
Faith is a necessary prerequisite for a courageous act
She walks,on the streets,with a face that,doesn't belong.It smiles more than,many put together,whole day long.Her heart misfit,a little chipped.And she likes to,call it once broken,but now stitched.
Many people have argued that love is the prerequisite to courage. I beg to differ. Anything we are afraid to lose will not give way to courage. Time guarantees we will all eventually lose everything and everyone. Therefore, courage can only come by having faith in God.
Who stands fast? Only the man whose final standard is not his reason, his principles, his conscience, his freedom, or his virtue, but who is ready to sacrifice all this when he is called to obedient and responsible action in faith and in exclusive allegiance to God--the responsible man, who tries to make his whole life an answer to the question and call of God.
Encouragement is the faith of enthusiasm.
I now think it takes more faith to name our need than to keep believing that something will happen and not doing anything about it. It takes faith, and great courage, to get help, to take the first painful step toward the dream that is in our hearts...I know now that you can look at bricks and cement for years, believing in the vision of a home, but until you get down on your hands and knees and start to build, it will remain a dream.
When you let it get personal, the cost becomes personal too. You’re opening your own heart here. You sure you want to do that?”“I’d do it for free. For the bullshit you are, and have always been.”“Disbelief is easy, Kane. It’s faith that takes courage, and character.
Disbelief is easy, Kane. It’s faith that takes courage, and character.
It takes a purely human courage to renounce the whole temporal realm in order to gain eternity, but this I do gain and in all eternity can never renounce—it is a self-contradiction. But it takes a paradoxical and humble courage to grasp the whole temporal realm now by virtue of the absurd, and this is the courage of faith.
Thank you God for helping me to overcome the bad to live the good.
Sometimes you like to keep things bottled up, but that is not the best policy.
We all need that someone in our life who's going to motivate us and not stress us, and then we need to treat him the same way we want to be treaded, and no lies, we say what we mean and mean what we say. and always try to build together not destroy each other, if the outcome isn't what you expected, at least you can say you tried., but also remember that pressure makes diamonds people. not everything will be easy between you and me and him and her and them. its all give and take.. reward and sacrifice. try to love those who love you, not just the ones who are easiest to love, try to help those who need you, may you will need the help someday. try to forgive those who hurt you, may you hurted someone once upon a time and try to forget those who leave you, may god knew that they aren't good for you. one of my main goals on the planet is to encourage people to empower themselves like what im trying now, i try to makes you positive, to make a positive change in your life, it will never happen unless me or you or him or her make it happen. they said "be the change you want to see in the world" im like that and i would like everyone to be like me.
Thirty years ago my older brother, who was ten years old at the time, was trying to get a report written on birds that he'd had three months to write, which was due the next day. We were out at our family cabin in Bolinas, and he was at the kitchen table close to tears, surrounded by binder paper and pencils and unopened books about birds, immobilized by the hugeness of the task ahead. Then my father sat down beside him put his arm around my brother's shoulder, and said, "Bird by bird, buddy. Just take it bird by bird.
Go for broke. Always try and do too much. Dispense with safety nets. Take a deep breath before you begin talking. Aim for the stars. Keep grinning. Be bloody-minded. Argue with the world. And never forget that writing is as close as we get to keeping a hold on the thousand and one things--childhood, certainties, cities, doubts, dreams, instants, phrases, parents, loves--that go on slipping , like sand, through our fingers.
The best work that anybody ever writes is the work that is on the verge of embarrassing him, always.
Never put off writing until you are better at it.
I don't know where to start," one [writing student] will wail. Start with your childhood, I tell them. Plug your nose and jump in, and write down all your memories as truthfully as you can. Flannery O' Connor said that anyone who has survived childhood has enough material to write for the rest of his or her life. Maybe your childhood was grim and horrible, but grim and horrible is Okay if it is well done. Don't worry about doing it well yet, though. Just get it down.
What had happened was this. When still young, I had gotten the idea from somewhere that I might be able to write... Maybe the deadly notion came from liking to read so much. Maybe I was in love with the image of being a writer. Whatever. It had been a really bad idea. Because I couldn't write, at least not by the bluntly and frequently expressed standards of anyone in a position to offer any encouragement and feedback.
Fear is felt by writers at every level. Anxiety accompanies the first word they put on paper and the last.
A novel takes the courage of a marathon runner, and as long as you have to run, you might as well be a winning marathon runner. Serendipity and blind faith faith in yourself won't hurt a thing. All the bastards in the world will snicker and sneer because they haven't the talent to zip up their flies by themselves. To hell with them, particularly the critics. Stand in there, son, no matter how badly you are battered and hurt.
OBSOLETE, adj. No longer used by the timid. Said chiefly of words. A word which some lexicographer has marked obsolete is ever thereafter an object of dread and loathing to the fool writer, but if it is a good word and has no exact modern equivalent equally good, it is good enough for the good writer. Indeed, a writer's attitude toward "obsolete" words is as true a measure of his literary ability as anything except the character of his work. A dictionary of obsolete and obsolescent words would not only be singularly rich in strong and sweet parts of speech; it would add large possessions to the vocabulary of every competent writer who might not happen to be a competent reader.
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently.
So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their endings.
You cannot expect victory and plan for defeat.
Happy is the man who has broken the chains which hurt the mind, and has given up worrying once and for all.”"Be patient and tough; one day this pain will be useful to you.
The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter usfrom the support of a cause we believe to be just.
If you make art, people will talk about it. Some of the things they say will be nice, some won’t. You’ll already have made that art, and when they’re talking about the last thing you did, you should already be making the next thing.If bad reviews (of whatever kind) upset you, just don’t read them. It’s not like you’ve signed an agreement with the person buying the book to exchange your book for their opinion.Do whatever you have to do to keep making art. I know people who love bad reviews, because it means they’ve made something happen and made people talk; I know people who have never read any of their reviews. It’s their call. You get on with making art.
The potential of the average person is like a huge ocean unsailed, anew continent unexplored, a world of possibilities waiting to bereleased and channeled toward some great good.
Most of us are not raised to actively encounter our destiny. We may not know that we have one. As children, we are seldom told we have a place in life that is uniquely ours alone. Instead, we are encouraged to believe that our life should somehow fulfill the expectations of others, that we will (or should) find our satisfactions as they have found theirs. Rather than being taugh to ask ourselves who we are, we are schooled to ask others. We are, in effect, trained to listen to others' versions of ourselves. We are brought up in our life as told to us by someone else! When we survey our lives, seeking to fulfill our creativity, we often see we had a dream that went glimmering because we believed, and those around us believed, that the dream was beyond our reach. Many of us would have been, or at least might have been, done, tried something, if...If we had known who we really were.
If we are not allowed to deal with small problems, we will be destroyed by slightly larger ones. When we come to understand this, we live our lives not avoiding problems, but welcoming them them as challenges that will strengthen us so that we can be victorious in the future.
‎"You shouldn't feel so bad about being afraid of so many things." "Why not?" "Because if you weren't afraid never ever, then you couldn't be brave never ever.
Come to the edge.We might fall.Come to the edge.It's too high!COME TO THE EDGE!And they cameAnd he pushedAnd they flew.
Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
So the next time you see a person with a compose face and a soft voice, remember that inside her mind she might be solving an equation, composing a sonnet, designing a hat. She might, that is, be deploying the powers of quiet.
There is only one you for all time. Fearlessly be yourself.
Support and encouragement are found in the most unlikely places.
The only difference between a grown-up's mistake and a child's is the size of the consequence.
Anybody with leisure can do that who is willing to begin where everything ought to be begun--that is, at the beginning. Nothing worth calling good can or ever will be started full grown. The essential of any good is life, and the very body of created life, and essential to it, being its self operant, is growth. The larger start you make, the less room you leave for life to extend itself. You fill with the dead matter of your construction the places where assimilation ought to have its perfect work, building by a life-process, self-extending, and subserving the whole. Small beginnings with slow growings have time to root themselves thoroughly--I do not mean in place nor yet in social regard, but in wisdom. Such even prosper by failures, for their failures are not too great to be rectified without injury to the original idea.
The philosophies of men surround us. The face of sin today often wears the mask of tolerance. Do not be deceived; behind that facade is heartache, unhappiness, and pain. You know what is right and what is wrong, and no disguise, however appealing, can change that. Be the one to make a stand for right, even if you stand alone. Have the moral courage to be a light for others to follow.
Love begets glory,Work begets story.LOVED WORK Begets A Story of Glory!
The tears are falling freely now, and I don't care if he sees them. They're tears of relief for my nephew, worry for my grandfather and my brother, and shame for my mistake. I figure I earned them.
I always say that my success has been three parts support and encouragement from my amazing network and one part piss and vinegar.
You had the courage to try and what you can do is often simply a matter of what you will do.
Sometimes the only way forward is to let go and sometimes those things you are forced to let go of are people and places that have been of great significance. Life is painfully uncanny like that, some moments last a lifetime whilst others have an expiry date.
What do you care if people talk? Those who talk cannot harm you. Why should you be worried? You should only think about those things that please you. You have only one life in this world: soon you'll reach your eternal rest.
Don’t be afraid of your struggles, they are making you dangerously strong and wise. They are preparing you for your superpowers. Let them happen, otherwise you’ll stay in the same damn place you’ve always been, and until you know there is so much more awesomeness in the world you’ll be content in your tiny cocoon, spinning the same circles day in and day out. Your struggles are transforming you.
Being a real man is less about appearing strong and more about having the courage to influence a change in everyone around you.
I am the sea and nobody owns me.
I don’t wish for more time. I wish for more courage to live freely right now.
I used to listen to all the voices in my head that told me I wasn’t good enough, or that I would fail if I tried, or that everyone would judge me harshly for my truth. I used to let one fear or the other dictate how I chose to live my life. Not surprisingly, my life didn’t change much. I spent a lot of time with regret, and thinking about what could have been. I found myself wishing I’d at least tried to do some of the things I’d been so afraid to do. So I began to. I made the choice to hear all the fearful critics in my head without actually listening to them. I gave them a voice, but no longer a say. I had given all the power to my fear, after all, so it was within me to take it away. And my entire life changed, as every life does once we insist that our fears take a backseat to our courage and desire. Fear may not be a choice, but the commitment to take brave action, despite our fears, is always there for the choosing. I spent enough time obeying my fears. Too much time. Now I listen to different voices, the ones reminding me that no matter what happens, no matter what people think, the great potential of my life, and joy, lives within my commitment to live my life beyond my fear.
Sometimes I act like I have my shit together more than I do. Sometimes I act like I don’t have my shit together as much as I do. I’m done acting. I’d rather just be okay with however together my shit is at the time, and still do my best to show up, as I am.
We can’t always be as brave as we want or need to be. We don’t always make the harder choice, the one we know we need to make in order to change things for real. Sometimes we give in to our fear. We choose known over unknown, comfort over uncertainty. Even though that’s often not ideal—to create our lives from fear—it’s definitely human. And, it’s okay. Our courage doesn’t suddenly disappear just because we choose to ignore it. It may hide for a bit and make us work a little harder for its attention, but it’s always there within us. We are born courageous, after all. Beautiful and brave. Whenever we get tired of playing at life with fear’s rules, at last determined to change things for real, our courage will be there—ready, able, excited for us to let it do its thing.
Listen to me, you’ve got this. Seriously, you’ve got this.
The dream is for a distant time.
Sometimes, people don’t need our monies and our treasures. All they need is our encouragements to give them hope.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
We were taught to be good, and we were taught to be careful. But in this world, sometimes, I do not think we can be the two at once.
The opposite of "never enough" isn't abundance or "more than you could ever imagine." The opposite of scarcity is enough...
What do you mean, You have No Dreams?The Truth is, you have No Courage.
You have to see the good in yourself before expecting someone else to see the good in you. Be aware of who you are and what you can truly be.
The courage to admit when you're wrong doesn't show weakness. It shows your strength. Your integrity speaks volumes about you as a person.
Scent is such a powerful tool of attraction, that if a woman has this tool perfectly tuned, she needs no other. I will forgive her a large nose, a cleft lip, even crossed-eyes; and I’ll bathe in the jouissance of her intoxicating odour.
I’d loved women who were old and who were young; those extra kilos and large rumps, and others so thin there was barely even skin to pinch, and every time I held them, I worried I would snap them in two. But for all of these: where they had merited my love was in their delicious smell. Scent is such a powerful tool of attraction, that if a woman has this tool perfectly tuned, she needs no other. I will forgive her a large nose, a cleft lip, even crossed-eyes; and I’ll bathe in the jouissance of her intoxicating odour.
Become loving and become courageous. Become the inspiration which you seek outside. Bring the metaphorical heart of your limbic system in sync with the analytical powerhouse of the prefrontal cortex. From your mind shall rise the inspiration. From your mind shall rise the love. From your mind shall rise the greatest education of all.
I spent all nightweaving a poem for you to wear. You look so beautifulwhen you wear my light.
Ah; but my courage fails me, and my heart is sick within me! —Lord, take pity on the Christian who doubts, on the skeptic who would fain believe, on the galley-slave of life who puts to sea alone, in the darkness of night, beneath a firmament illumined no longer by the consoling beacon-fires of the ancient hope.
For every one pupil who needs to be guarded from a weak excess of sensibility there are three who need to be awakened from the slumber of cold vulgarity
Mediate on the word of God day and night, then be careful to write the sacred words on your heart. And find grace to obey it.
If you meditate on the Holy Scriptures, you mind shall me on the Jesus Christ, the Saviour,
Very few beings really seek knowledge in this world. Mortal or immortal, few really ask. On the contrary, they try to wring from the unknown the answers they have already shaped in their own minds -- justifications, confirmations, forms of consolation without which they can't go on. To really ask is to open the door to the whirlwind. The answer may annihilate the question and the questioner.
Knowledge without courage is sterile.
The ability to withstand the flinch comes with the knowledge that the future will be better than the past.
The only good knowledge is the knowledge of God.
You already know enough. So do I. It is not knowledge we lack. What is missing is the courage to understand what we know and to draw conclusions.
Reading is a powerful force that illuminates the darkness. Unfortunately, few have the courage to walk against the world in search of knowledge that transforms reality.
I did not know what the future would bring, but I knew that life is not merely about knowledge. It is about the courage and trust that we place in our stories.
Once you have explored a fear, it becomes less terrifying. Part of courage comes from extending our knowledge.
What is the value and worth of knowledge? My teachings have taught me that many will die for lack of knowledge. If knowledge and mindset are key ingredients to life - why do some reject it? Remove know from knowledge and you are standing on the ledge. When are we going to rescue ourselves from the ledge?
You push the TRUTH off a cliff, but it will always fly. You can submerge the TRUTH under water, but it will not drown. You can place the TRUTH in the fire, but it will survive. You can bury the TRUTH beneath the ground, but it will arise. TRUTH always prevails!
The only way to educate oneself is by making books a life companion.
Knowledge is light.God is light.God is knowledge.
We spend great sum of money to buy good books, so that we can satisfy our pleasure of reading.
Knowledge is the ultimate secret of courage.
A person may learn things all their life, but never gain knowledge of truth.
In the pursuit of knowledge, we know God, the source of knowledge and wisdom.
Wisdom comes from making mistakes, having the courage to face them, and make adjustments moving forward based upon the knowledge aquired through those experiences.
The courage to ask question is the willingness to know.
The courage to ask question is a daring act.
Read and search for the answers you seek.
Curious that we spend more time congratulating people who have succeeded than encouraging people who have not.
Do not sit still; start moving now. In the beginning, you may not go in the direction you want, but as long as you are moving, you are creating alternatives and possibilities.
Success doesn't come to you you go to it.
Powerful words come with powerful intent. Where you have passion, strength, courage, and determination you can accomplish anything!
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks and courage.
Before you were born, and were still too tiny for the human eye to see, you won the race for life from among 250 million competitors. And yet, how fast you have forgotten your strength, when your very existence is proof of your greatness.
Success and failure come and go, but don't let them define you. It's who you are that matters.
There's sometimes a tugging feeling you get to push further when you aren't being challenged enough or when things get too comfortable.
Cultivate an optimistic mind, use your imagination, always consider alternatives, and dare to believe that you can make possible what others think is impossible.
There are three qualities that every individual must have to achieve success: a Monk’s patience, a Warrior’s courage, a Child’s imagination.
Who dare tries is a success, and shall master the art of conquering dreams.
Have nuts and be nuts.
It is easier for one to take risks and to chase his dreams with a mindset that he has nothing to lose. In this lies the immense passion, the great advantage of avoiding a materialistic, pleasure-filled way of life.
It does not matter how many times you fall, the most important thing is there exist grace to shake of the dirt, and pull all forces for a rise up.
With grace, you will succeed despite strong opposition.
Is there any success, without the soundness of mind?
Don't Expect Others to Read or Hear Your Thoughts; if You Want to be Heard, Speak Up and Speak Out!
The more risk you can take upfront in life, the better off you will be later.
Cheer those passing through tough times but trying to smile all the same. Encourage them to keep trying and not to give in or give up. Tell them it’s not over until YOU say it’s over. Appreciate their positivity tell them that you are proud of them and that they deserve to succeed.
Celebrate your achievements and victories without waiting for recognition from others; after all it’s your efforts which brought that accomplishment. A flower blooms in the desert with nary a person to appreciate its beauty, yet it blossoms, spreads its fragrance and enjoys its existence. A dew drop caught on the leaf in an unexplored forest sparkles like a diamond; it doesn’t need spectators to appreciate its beauty. You shouldn’t be dependent on others to encourage you instead be your own cheer leader… Love yourself to bits.
Life is not a one and done sort of deal. You've got to work for what you want.Picasso created nearly 100 masterpieces in his lifetime. But what most people don't know is that he created a total of more then 50,000 works of art. .. Thats two pieces of art a day. Success is a numbers game. You are not going to win if you keep telling yourself to wait. The more often that you choose courage, the more likely you'll succeed.
To challenge yourself takes courage, not for the  strength it takes to accomplish your goals but  for the commitment to stay true to your dreams.
Many people who could not give their best because they were denied the opportunity. We must harness the capabilities of each person to encourage organizational success.” Ramesh Lohia and Pavan Lohia, Consultants, iSixSigmaKaizenPublished in Quality Quotes, Jun 7, 2016, Knowledge Center, ASQ [ AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR QUALITY]
Life may try to knock you down but be persistent with your passions - cultivate grit, resilience, tenacity and endurance success will come.
It is not speed that matters, it's persistence.
To sum it up, succuss is merely a small act of courageousness.
Work, Work and work, until you either succeed in your mission, or you die!
Don’t be fearless, but tame your fears, and stop at nothing.
I believe in you my friend, so much so, that if any of my ideas make you feel belittled in any manner, I want you to rise against me and throw my work into the fire. Any notion, any book, any institution that weakens the self instead of strengthening it, must be discarded at ones.
Once your character is poured with vigor and your attitude radiates confidence, there is no power in any external force to have any form of authority over you.
Be around people that make you want to be a better person, who make you feel good, make you laugh, and remind you what's important in life.
Be yourself....and make the world adjust!
The qualities of a successful man are tenacity, perseverance, courage and the will to win
Let them see you cry. Let them see you sweat. Let them see you bleed. Those three drops make you human. Never fear to show your humanity. It’s the bravest act of all.
Achievement is no hocus-pocus. It's focus, focus!
When you do not have your clear definition of what success looks like, you tend to feel unsuccessful every time other people talk about their success.
Oh, the days will be tough that I promise is true but right around the corner the dream will be Infront of you.
Each day wake up and ask yourself what will make you feel most alive that day.
After failure, You must resolve to do whatever the object of your resolution is.
There is no such thing as a weakness, only blindspots. No such thing as failure, they are just detours and scenic routes to remember your success
Some champions are born others are forged!
Life is not the obstacle to human happiness. Life simply provides the opportunities to learn Life’s lessons and develop in ways, and acquire the necessary characteristics that can only be acquired through those opportunities Life provides.
All the so-called "secrets of success" will not work unless you do.
It is better to believe in nothing but success, than to believe in other things without success.
Instruction does much, but encouragement everyt
How can you love people without encouraging them? And how can you be loyal to people without educating them.
He worked with her as she was and not as he wanted her to be.
Research highlights a striking link between between encouraging child-raising and class. Half of working-class parents' interactions with their 12-18 month-olds were affirming, versus 80% among the affluent and 20% among those in poverty.
Experience is a sacred education.
Whoever desire to learn, shall delight in reading.
What matter most is to complete the journey.
Too much study leads to worn out,
Sow the seeds of weakness and inferiority in the kids and they’ll grow up to be inferior, crawling, insignificant insects. Sow the seeds of courage and they’ll become brave-heart leaders who will one day change the course of human history.
Character- building education is what the world needs – education, that will empower the mind with such an unimaginable strength that one would meet death face to face and say “some other time, pal!
If you don’t allow one to become a lion, one will become a sheep. And the world is already filled with sheeps, which is the major cause of the society’s intellectual and moral downfall. For a better future to evolve, where humanism will be an all-pervading virtue and separatism will be a matter of ancient history, the world needs lions.
Your nation needs you. Your world needs you. So, use your education to become endowed with muscles of iron and nerves of steel.
My mother's gifts of courage to me were both large and small. The latter are woven so subtly into the fabric of my psyche that I can hardly distinguish where she stops and I begin.
Be courageous! Never fear to share your knowledge and wisdom with others. It will help you to be wiser.
Homeschooling is not a race ... You will not get behind, nor do you have to live with guilt that you feel the need to catch up.
Proverbs 16:3 'Commit to the LORD whatever you do, and He will establish your plans.' A great reminder when planning out the school year.
For those of you who think that I have my life altogether, I definitely do not. Every season brings new challenges. For example, since I had my fifth child, I am notoriously 5-10 minutes late everywhere no matter how hard I try to be on time. I would like to say that I am 'fashionably' late, but that isn't the truth either. Running in a mad dash in a parking lot (all holding hands of course) to make it somewhere 5 minutes late (instead of 6 minutes cause that makes a big difference) while one child is missing shoes and my hair is going in every direction. Yep, that is my family.
The Truth: Doing it all is a misconception the enemy wants mothers to believe. Learn how to fully embrace the beauty of each season of your life. It is a gift from God. God's Word: Colossians 3:23-24-'Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for human masters, since you know that you will receive an inheritance from the Lord as a reward. It is the Lord Christ you are serving.' Take a deep breath busy mom. You are doing a great job!
How do I find joy in my homeschool journey? The answer is quite simple. I accept lots of God's grace. Grace to make mistakes. Grace to take a nap when I am exhausted. Grace to not feel guilty. Without His abundant provision of grace, I would be depleted, discouraged, and dissatisfied. Instead, I place all my trust in His direction and I embrace my calling as a homeschool mom. His grace has set me free from worry, fear, doubt, and guilt and I am overflowing with joy. Praise God!
Memories of the past are what drive us, whether to a life of beauty or a life of insanity is up to us.
In the end all the puzzles of your life will be solved ,until then... laugh at the scepticism, live for the moment and remember everything happens for a reason.
Strong people don't put others down. They lift them up and slam them on the ground for maximum damage.
Every interaction is an opportunity to learn, Only if we are interested in improving rather than proving.
Life is a university, you will keep learning new things all the time. The tombstone will be your degree.Make sure it's worth a fortune for those who admire you.
Life's too short to wake up in the morning with regrets, So ... Love the people who treat you right and pray for the ones who don't. Life is 10% what you make it 90% how you take it.
Life is about the moments you create, that you can keep it with you FOREVER. After everything is over,That is what we have or what we are left with.
A person with good heart is always happy. However its a myth because most of the time his heart is full of wounds as it except only good thing from others still he love the people who treat it right & pray for the ones who don't
Life is about the moments you create,that you can keep with you forever.After everything is over,That is what we have or what we are left with.
Love is what makes two people sit in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room at both ends. Love means nothing in tennis,But it's everything in life
If someone talks bad about us, we feel bad. If someone talks good about us we feel good. The question is ,Have we given our remote to others for the way we feel?Live your life in your way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For a happy life,it's best we should ignore &overlook things,people,incidents,affairs & matters.It is not necessary that we show a reaction to everything. Step back & ask yourself if the matter is really worth responding to.
If we try to see something positive in everything we do, life won't necessarily become easier but it becomes more valuable.
A lot of pain that we are dealing with are really only THOUGHTS.
Give it all you can.
Be courageous enough to learn from failures and bold enough to begin anew.
Concentrate and complete the journey.
You have to work harder to achieve your goals
The most important subject in the curriculum in the future years will be how to love ourselves and be content.
Literacy rate tells us about the section of society who can read and write, but do we have a tool which can share the stats about out how many educated illiterates we have in our society.
If you believe you can, you can achieve your dreams.
Tenderhearted people are silent sufferers they just learn the art to fly with broken wings.
There's a story behind every "I don't believe in love""Period
Its not your fault for not being there.Its my fault for thinking you would be
We live in a society where every business has a huge scope. Even if you open a shop selling snakes people will buy it. Thinking they will direct them to their neighbors house.
Create your own path.Don't blindly follow the massess... because most of the time the "M" is silent.
Your friends can be double-edged knife thy can either nurture you or destroy you. Choose them Wisely......
You will find the reality of life by reading.
I travel to the ancient world by reading ancient books.
Renew your mind more often by reading variety of books
Passion lights the fire in every soul.
There is a price to be paid for any accomplishment.
he willingness to work-hard and indomitable willpower are vital for any accomplishment.
A determined soul and indomitable spirit are necessary for any achievement.
With determination, the dream will be fulfilled.
Begin to write, your heart flow with sacred words.
Pursue your dream with great might.
You may encounter many disappointments. Be strong. Tell yourself, “I am good enough, I will try again.
You must have a vivid imagination of what you seek.
There is no easy pathway to success. There are many rugged roads to straighten and walls to scale for the ultimate victory.
May you find the confidence and courage to climb new heights.
Great achievement requires personal force, determined spirit and self-confidence.
Every great accomplishments requires great grace and great enthusiasm.
All the answers you seek in life. It is hidden a book.
Man is a measure of his mind.
We can do what we ought to do, only by great grace that comes from God.
The degree of your desire determines your dedication.
We can only reach the highest height, if we encourage each other.
It is only God who gives strength and wisdom to fulfill the God-given dream.
We must not only exist but find and fulfill our specific mission on earth.
You possess a divine strength to fulfill your dream.
A willing spirit, a determined effort.
It is only God who gives strength and wisdom for fulfill the God-given dream.
We have to motivate people to be what they can be.
I must endure to the end.
Write down your goals and let it be your guidepost.
You have to go head, even if no one goes with you.
The “right time’ is now. Go onward and fulfill your dream.
You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.
Dare the impossible. By grace it will be possible.
May you the willpower and chase your God-given dreams.
We find ourselves in the pursuit of our dreams.
Mistakes are experiences. Without these experiences, there is no learning.
I am pushing through every barrier to fulfill my dream.
In tears, we labour for what we want.
In times of adversity we develop our senses of creativity and strength of our souls.
Mistakes and failures are valuable experiences. With every experience, you increase in knowledge and wisdom for the ultimate success.
Be passionate persistent in the pursuit of your dreams.
I will never give up on my dreams. I have the patient to wait and work hard for its fulfillment.
Growing older doesn't mean that you are more mature than everyone who is younger than you. Maturity is a lot of things, and age has nothing to do with it.
When faced with many rejections, don’t give up. Hold fast to your dreams and keep up with sacred-work, you will succeed in the sacred-time.
With persistent perseverance, you can break through any barrier.
May you find the inner-strength to reach your dreams.
With passionate dedication and work hard, you will fulfill your dreams.
With all your energy and strength, chase your dreams.
Don’t waste your time, living other’s dream. Live your dreams. Dare to be you.
You can possess what you dream of.
Failure is only an experience. Experience is the foundation of any success.
May you have strength to complete studies.
Read a short story every day.
The confidence God gives is the courage to dare a greater life.
Every challenge you encounter is part of the life’s journey. The challenges must be overcome for the vision to be fulfilled.
Confidence creates courage.
Be brave to chase your dreams.
Lift yourself to great heights.
For every great success, diligence is desirable from the beginning to the very end.
The longest path leads to the destiny destination.
May you will have the grace to complete the task.
Each one of us is endowed with specific sacred-skill.
Whatever you dream of is a possibility.
Whatever you can conceive, you can achieve it.
Chase your dream with all your strength.
Positive thinking is the power of the mind.
You have the capacity to pursue your dreams.
Don’t look at your circumstance. Be courageous!
Without a vision, where is the focus?
Reject anything advice, which does not lead to your personal progress.
We write to share our thoughts and our lives.
I cannot have a man who is afraid of everything, I don't have the time to soothe insecurities and fears, I cannot have a man who is standing on a stone by a creek, watching for the fish to swim by and every time he sees a fish he says "Oh look, this fish scares me, I wonder what this fish means, this fish might mean- this, or this fish might mean- that" for God's sake, they are just fish, and they don't mean anything! Such a sad thing, so many fine, strong men standing on top of little stones, pointing at fish all the time! Such a waste! Such a waste of time! I can only have a man who will leap into the water, not minding the damn fish and whatever other little things that scare him. I need to have someone who is braver than me; if I am a pirate, he has to be the pirate Captain, if I am a pirate Captain he has to be the flying dragon.
So often survivors have had their experiences denied, trivialized, or distorted. Writing is an important avenue for healing because it gives you the opportunity to define your own reality. You can say: This did happen to me. It was that bad. It was the fault & responsibility of the adult. I was—and am—innocent.” The Courage to Heal by Ellen Bass & Laura Davis
When clouds of pain loom in the skyWhen a shadow of sadness flickers byWhen a tear finds its way to the eyeWhen fear keeps the loneliness aliveI try and console my heartWhy is it that you cry? I askThis is only what life impartsThese deep silences withinHave been handed out to all by timeEveryone’s story has a little sorrowEveryone’s share has a little sunshineNo need for water in your eyesEvery moment can be a new lifeWhy do you let them pass you by?Oh heart, why is it that you cry?
The best foundation for relationships to grow, flourish, and succeed is a deep-rooted friendship.
Build me up and I with you. For we are more one than two.
Lionhearted woman carrying silver swords beneath your skin. Your heart is huge, copious courage you hold within. You fight and never give in when the cause is worthy, brave valiant woman.
Call Stella 'Trash Can Girl' again and I'll beat the h--- out of you. In fact, call her or anyone else anything ever again and I'll do the same. I'm done saying nothing. I'm done letting you treat people like crap. Do you hear me?
Working with people feels uncertain, and that's why it takes courage to engage. You can follow all the rules, have good intentions, and still get burned.
We're so afraid of being hurt that we become the abuser first.
I think that many people will intentionally overlook all of the lifeless facts about their relationship with their significant other, just because they do not want to go through the trouble of breaking up, because it's safe, because other people expect it of them, because there is a fear of being alone... and in the process of doing this, they miss out on the life that is meant for them. Our lives must not be lived to be safe, to be out of trouble, to meet the expectations of others, and to avoid fear. On the contrary, our lives must be lived with courage, which can only be present if there is fear; our lives must be lived for what we know in our hearts is for us, not for what other people believe is for us; our lives must be lived even when it is not safe and even when things are troublesome. To die in full knowledge that you have pleased everyone safely, or to die in full knowledge that you seized what you knew was meant for you -- which way do you choose to die? Because that is the way you must choose to live!
Be vulnerable! It is not someone else’s responsibility to break down your walls to get to you. It is your responsibility to let them in. This is crucial. Be more vulnerable with people in your life today. Know that being vulnerable is not a weakness – vulnerability means you are strong and secure enough within yourself to walk outside without your armor on.
Don’t ever stop believing in your own personal transformation. It is still happening even on the days you may not realize it or feel like it.
I honor you for every timethis year you:got back upvibrated highershined your lightand loved and elevatedbeyond—the call of duty.
If you walked away from atoxic, negative, abusive,one-sided, dead-endlow vibrationalrelationship or friendship — you won.
Doing what you love, with those you love, is an adventurous type of success. The kind that can not be taken away, often discovered by those who have had much taken away, and saw it as an opportunity to re-access their path, and reset from the crucible of shared and beneficial dreams.
Have the courage to love yourself like you always wished someone would.
You have to lift a person up before you can really put them in their place.
The problem isn’t that I think so highly of myself. It is just that you think so little of yourself. Live life BIG, BOLD and OUT LOUD!
We have come here together so that you might know, through virtue of your own pain, your own hopelessness, your own fear, your own darkness and the lie of powerlessness, the very actual power of your own will, of the will of your soul.
When in doubt, throw doubt out and have a little faith....
Encourage, lift and strengthen one another. For the positive energy spread to one will be felt by us all. For we are connected, one and all.
Train up a child in such a way she or he should go even when she or he is old she or he will not depart' Proverb
If you dare take the challenge, you will possess the courage to conquer.
Everyone has moments of weakness. But that doesn't make you weak.
I acquired courage from the masterpieces of sages. I came of age by their instructions to keep going, even in hard times. Then I learnt not to despair, even when it seemed that my world is falling apart. I learnt to possess fortitude.
Be ready for the opportunities that arise when you have the courage to open your heart to everything your soul loves.
To be at rest is to be at peace.
Do all the work you can, while you can.
Act and opportunities will manifest. There is no such thing as luck. There is only causality. Are you strong enough to cause something to happen – that’s the question.
Be joyful in tribulations.
I was not born with a silver spoon in my mouth, nor did I have access to information like you do today via the internet. I had to learn everything the hard way. And I had to become a scientist the old-fashioned way, which is, not through academia, but through trial and error. And my hardship opened up unforeseen gateways of perception in my mind. And through these gateways, today the whole world is able to see its inner self.
You become what you digest into your spirit. Whatever you think about, focus on, read about, talk about, you’re going to attract more of into your life. Make sure they're all positive.
A man of courage must first conquer himself.
She remembered who she wasand the game changed.
Doubt not the self O lion-heart, for those who call you crazy will one day worship you.
Whatever you do, do it as a master, not as a slave.
Confidence of a dedicated person, seems to be over-confidence to ordinary masses.
If you dance daily, you shall expel any seed of distress in thy soul.
Never underestimate the power of willingness and self motivation.
Cheer up, be of good courage.
Be of good courage.
Nobody but you have to believe in your dreams to make them a reality.
The world needs something from you, my friend. It needs the heart that is deep as the ocean and infinite as the outer-space. Can you provide that my friend! Can you make your will so large and your conscience so sharp that in front of which, a thousand Everests and a thousand Kilimanjaros would bow!
7 Rules to a Happy Life:1. Be humble2. Don’t worry 3. Don't settle for less4. Mind your business5. Work hard 6. Play hard7. Be nice
It is a fact of life that when you are small, people expect little things from you. But when you've done a great thing, people are amazed.
The difference between failure and survival is that coping skill you used in between the struggles.
Give not thyself up, then, to fire, lest it invert thee, deaden thee; as for the time it did me. There is a wisdom that is woe; but there is a woe that is madness. And there is a Catskill eagle in some souls that can alike dive down into the blackest gorges, and soar out of them again and become invisible in the sunny spaces. And even if he for ever flies within the gorge, that gorge is in the mountains; so that even in his lowest swoop the mountain eagle is still higher than other birds upon the plain, even though they soar.
No God, no messiah, no prophet can grant your wishes – it is only through your own efforts that you can make your wishes come true – it is only you who can grant your own wishes.
Stop being the sheep and become the lion my friend!
Be excellent in your own terms. Do not look for approval from a single soul on this planet. Respect yourself and in time the whole world will respect you.
The world needs courage and conscience that can penetrate into the darkest mysteries and secrets of the universe.
The world needs gigantic strong wills in front of which even the mountains will be crumbled.
Character is what the world needs - character that will empower the mind with such an unimaginable strength that one would meet death face to face and say “some other time, pal!
What I want from you comrade, what the world wants from you, O dearest, are the neurons of steel, within which dwells a mind of the same material of which the thunderbolt is made.
I – the eternal idea of oneness, have said this before – and now in the century 21st, say once again - Awake, my friend! Arise, my friend! Start walking my friend! And do not stop until you bring the change you wish to see in your society!
Small Actions Often Lead To Big Results
Nothing in this world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty. No kind of life is worth leading if it is always an easy life. I know that your life is hard; I know that your work is hard; and hardest of all for those of you who have the highest trained consciences, and who therefore feel always how much you ought to do. I know your work is hard, and that is why I congratulate you with all my heart. I have never in my life envied a human being who led an easy life; I have envied a great many people who led difficult lives and led them well.
To be able to open the heart again after betrayal, injury, or loss is a precious act. It requires both courage and compassion. It requires a new movement to emerge from the depths of grief. Forgiveness is one of the most certain paths to restoration, and it is also one of the most difficult. However, it is an attempt to return to wholeness, once again, by letting go and freeing myself from the tight clutch and heavy burden of caution, anger, resentment, and the desire for revenge and punishment. In forgiving others, I free myself towards belonging and wholeness, be it with the person I am forgiving, or with myself.
There's nothing I did not hear, there's nothing I did not see, but I never despair.
If you want to live your life to the fullest you must start believing in yourself today.
Darkness seems to have prevailed and has taken the forefront. This country as in the 'cooperation' of The United States of America has never been about the true higher-good of the people. Know and remember this.Cling to your faith.Roll your spiritual sleeves up and get to work. Use your energy wisely. Transmute all anger, panic and fear into light and empowerment.Don't use what fuels them; all lower-energy.Mourn as you need to. Console who you need to—and then go get into the spiritual and energetic arena. There's plenty work for us to do; within and without.Let's each focus on becoming 'The President of Our Own Life.Cultivate your mind. Pursue your purpose. Shine your light. Elevate past—and reject—any culture of low vibrational energy and ratchetness. Don't take fear, defeat or anger—on or in.The system is doing what they've been created to do.Are you? Am I? Are we—collectively?Let's get to work.No more drifting through life without your higher-self in complete control of your mind.Awaken—fully. Activate—now. Put your frustrations or concerns into your work.Don't lose sight. There is still—a higher plan.Let's ride this 4 year energetic-wave like the spiritual gangsters that we are.This will all be the past soon. Let's get to work and stay dedicated, consistent and diligent. Again, this will all be the past soon. We have preparing and work to do.Toxic energy is so not a game.Toxic energy and low vibrations are being collectively acted out on the world stage.Covertly operating through the unconscious weak spots and blind spots in the human psyche; making people oblivious to their own madness, causing and influencing them to act against–their–own–best–interests and higher-good, as if under a spell and unconsciously possessed. This means that they are actually nourishing the lower vibrational energy with their lifestyle, choices, energy and habits, which is unconsciously giving the lower-energy the very power and fuel it needs—for repeating and recreating endless drama, suffering and destruction, in more and more amplified forms on a national and world stage.So what do we do? We take away its autonomy and power over us while at the same time empowering ourselves. By recognizing how this energetic/spiritual virus or parasite of the mind—operates through our unawareness is the beginning of the cure. Knowledge is power. Applied knowledge is—freedom.Our shared future will be decided primarily by the changes that take place in the psyche of humanity, starting with each of us— vibrationally.In closing and most importantly,the greatest protection against becoming affected or possessed by this lower-energy is to be in touch with our higher vibrational-self. We have to call our energy and power back. Being in touch with our higher-self and true nature acts as a sacred amulet, shielding and protecting us from the attempted effects. We defeat evil not by fighting against it (in which case, by playing its game, we’ve already lost) but by getting in touch with the part of us that is invulnerable to its effects— our higher vibrational-self.Will this defeat and destroy us?Or will it awaken us more and more?Everything depends upon our recognizing what is being revealed to us and our stepping out of the unconscious influence of low vibrational/negative/toxic/evil/distraction energy (or whatever name you relate to it as)that is and has been seeking power over each of our lives energetically and/or spiritually, and step into our wholeness, our personal power, our higher self and vibrate higher and higher daily.Stay woke my friends—let's get to work.
A new mind, equals a new life.
You are a being of infinite courage.
The formula of life is simple. It is the formula of giving - giving courage, attention, peace, love and comfort to yourself and the society.
Sometimes you're trying so hard to get your life together and still it's not enough, everything is falling apart. What to do, you're asking. Just keep going through hell for yourself, not for everyone else. Richer with that wisdom, I will build my happiness from nothing. I will rise from the dust. And I will do it on my own. I will live for myself and I won’t look at the others.
The wishbone will never replace the backbone
Have the courage to let some go, and sacrifice for some to stay; thus, live and make life your own way.
You need to be buried deep in the dirt before you can find your bloom.
To reject the word of God is to rebel against righteous life.
Every day something inside us dies because we do not have the courage to follow our dreams
All you need is what you have.
Have the courage to take off your mask and be humbled.
Be pure, live a conscientious life, defend your dignity and be loving to others.
If poverty defines greatness, then become the poorest person on earth, in terms of weakness and bigotry. And if wealth defines glory, then become the wealthiest person on earth, in terms of courage, confidence and reasoning.
The point at which things happen is a decision. In stead of focusing on yourself, focus on how you can help someone else.
Don't let life's challenges discourage you. Some things are just out of your control. Make it work for you! The most painful lessons of the past can teach you how to survive in the present .
You are a beautiful creation and were made like no one else. Your uniqueness is a pleasant gift you can give to the world if you are willing to define and live that out. And, it is the best gift you will ever give yourself.
What are you hiding? Is it something from others, or from yourself. Find your truth. The more you show up, the more you'll be found.
From all my dreams where you felt everlastingto all my clothes your words used to wear,to the old end, to the new beginning,you have lost me everywhere.
The greatest win is walking away and choosing not to engage in drama and toxic energy at all.
When you think no one sees you and you are so clouded in your messy state that you begin to think maybe just maybe even GOD is fed up. Know this: He sees the tears, collects them, pays you double for them, fortifies you with encouragement even through them and He will lift up your spirit.
Whatever is meant for you the universe shall be given to you. Do not despair.
As I sit here in my favorite chair, I'm reminded of a story that my father shared with me when I was a young boy. He said that a chicken and a hog were having conversation about breakfast.The chicken was complaining because it must produce eggs for the farmer so that he can have eggs for breakfast, and the hog replied with tears in his eyes, that may be true, but I must give up my life so that he can have bacon.My question to you is, what has someone given you in order for you to eat, and what are you willing to give up so that someone else may eat at the table of life?
There are some moments you won't completely heal from, those rare ones you will take torn open to the grave but throughout all the big moments that shake you up there will be countless tiny experiences that help you laugh all over again.
The impact of your life will go beyond your imagination. Live your life to be a blessing.
To be fearless, you must simply fear less.
I am a living breathing word of GOD.
Don't worry about not doing "it" perfectly right now. It's ok, just keep at it, you will soon settle in it and then you'll be glad you didn't give up.
A Star is always a star no matter what stage they are on or at
Very soon the world too will see what GOD sees in you.
Whatever GOD creates, GOD sustains.
Trust GOD with the life He gave you.
For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again.
Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life.
Who do you spend time with? Criticizers or encouragers? Surround yourself with those who believe in you. Your life is too important for anything less.
Everything started as nothing.
The tragedy of life is that it comes just once and before you know it, it is gone. Since life comes just once, I encourage you to give it your best shot.
Since life comes just once, I encourage you to give it your best shot. I dare you to maximize your life.
The courage to live in the present, between time and timelessness. No matter the circumstance, it is where life is found.
Small men oft feel a need to prove their courage with unseemly boasts," he declared. "I doubt if he could kill a duck."Tyrion shrugged. "Fetch the duck.
Let come the forces of night! We will stand!" "We will get the hell out of here is what we will do," I muttered.
There is no real bravery in getting paid to save someone's life. However, there is a large amount of bravery in a nurse break dancing at the hospital's Christmas party.
...it’s just another one of those things I don’t understand: everyone impresses upon you how unique you are, encouraging you to cultivate your individuality while at the same time trying to squish you and everyone else into the same ridiculous mould. It’s an artist’s right to rebel against the world’s stupidity.
Power comes at a price, love," Veliss replied through bared teeth, maintaining the smile she offered to the townsfolk lining the square."What power?""All power. The power to rule, to kill, or, in your case this fine morning, the power to incite the lust of the old goat you're about to meet.""Lust? I have no desire to incite lust in anyone."Veliss turned to her with a quizzical expression, her smile suddenly genuine. "Then I'm afraid you're in for a lifetime of disappointment.
I am a loser in my own plot, but I might be the hero in someone else's plot.
The glory of science is, that it is freeing the soul -- breaking the mental manacles -- getting the brain out of bondage -- giving courage to thought -- filling the world with mercy, justice, and joy.
Until we have the courage to recognize cruelty for what it is... we cannot expect things to be much better in this world... We cannot have peace among men whose hearts delight in killing any living creature. By every act that glorifies or even tolerates such moronic delight in killing we set back the progress of humanity.
A library is a good place to go when you feel unhappy, for there, in a book, you may find encouragement and comfort. A library is a good place to go when you feel bewildered or undecided, for there, in a book, you may have your question answered. Books are good company, in sad times and happy times, for books are people - people who have managed to stay alive by hiding between the covers of a
Most people are slow to champion love because they fear the transformation it brings into their lives. And make no mistake about it: love does take over and transform the schemes and operations of our egos in a very mighty way.
Courage is the hallmark of spirituality. Courage comes when you love yourself for who you are.
Self-pity is spiritual suicide. It is an indefensible self-mutilation of the soul.
I am not afraid I was born to do this.
How easily such a thing can become a mania, how the most normal and sensible of women once this passion to be thin is upon them, can lose completely their sense of balance and proportion and spend years dealing with this madness.
Everything happens at the open window, the portal into another world. Our experience of life depends upon whether we stay the safe side of the window or have the courage to go through." The Beautiful Dance of Life.
A fiery spirit bursts from your soul.
There is no envy, jealousy, or hatred between the different colors of the rainbow. And no fear either. Because each one exists to make the others’ love more beautiful.
The expensive car you bought doesn’t matter, but the way you treated the salesman did.
Dwelling on the past is like dragging a boat over dry land.
Taoism is simply the complete acceptance of yourself as you are right in this moment. It's about rolling with the changes, whether they are perceived as good or bad. Tao reminds us to live life through good actions (important for past karma and karma you are presently creating); through practicing things that engage our mind, body, and spirit.
You have the power to change the happiness level in someone’s life and in the process you change your mind-set and the level of your own happiness. Practicing kindness and compassion will change your life, your environment, your outlook on your future, and how you view what has happened in your past.
When the ego is in the driver’s seat, we judge. When our spirit, our authentic self, is in control, we practice listening (without judging), compassion, and love
It’s about letting yourself feel, but not wallow; it’s about leaning into love, not fear, as the preferred force in your life.
When you change the way you feel, it changes the way you think. When you change the way you think, you change the way you deal with everything in life.
Everything is in the root. If you pick the weed without getting the root out of the soil, be assured, it is going to grow back.
Sometimes you’re going to shine like the sun; sometimes you’re going to crumble to pieces. Either way, it’s okay.
You know that you won’t remain Centered all the time, and it is a normal part of human life to drift left or right of Center sometimes.
The expensive car you bought doesn’t matter, but the way you treated the sales man did.
When the ego is in the driver’s seat, we judge. When our spirit, our authentic self, is in control, we practice listening (without judging), compassion, and love.
When I think of Tao, I think of the artist Bob Ross and his famous painting techniques. I can hear him say, “It’s your tree, you can make it look any way you want to.
Life is an all-encompassing art gallery. From the seasons ushering in change to the way a body moves during dance from the way one smile paints another to the waddle of a street rat – every facet of life is art in motion. Every time a bird takes flight from a branch the scene changes each time the winds shift brings new perspective.
There is nothing in the world that I cannot achieve when I have the courage to believe.
If all your focused thoughts followed your inner feelings, your life would be abundant and joyful beyond all imagining.
By nature you are a manifesting machine!
Feelings are the directional impulses of your soul. Your soul always wants you to go into the direction of greater joy.
Focus on lack and you will always struggle to create enough money.
When you allow your mind to ONLY have positive thoughts towards your desired outcome you are saying to the Universe that you are devoted to manifesting your dream.
First, be better than yourself, then strive to better than your competitors.
Feeling undeserving is never compatible with the ability to attract or create wealth.
Forgiveness is remembering the truth of who you are.
One of the aims of forgiveness is to turn the frozen, pent-up energy in stored-up emotions into free energy that people can express themselves with in the present.
Each manifestation is an ascension opportunity. All manifestations teach something about oneself and mirror one’s own unconscious state of being.
For aspirants upon the spiritual path, each manifestation provides clues as to what needs to be released or cleared in order to continue to ascend.
The Universe supports doers.
Love is not jealous, angry or afraid.
In mystical terms, the law of attraction specifies that you will attract to yourself those experiences that match your beliefs.
Growing older does not automatically mean growing kinder or wiser.
By thinking of the good things you want to happen as part of a regular routine, you are creating a positive energy.
Your thoughts and feelings together create an ‘energetic blueprint’ that is constantly being emitted out into the world.
The truth is, the source of existence is infinite and to discover the essence of it is an unfolding that lasts for eternity.
If you do not have the time to become healthy then so it is the same of becoming wealthy.
By simply and profoundly giving love to yourself everyday in every way you are saying to the Universe you are worthy of attaining any dream, vision or goal. Feel worthy of it.
Big or small, be ready to do your part when you dare to dream and you will be rewarded with success from the Universe.
If you were brought up on a poor man’s brand of drink and prefer that to this very day then do not pretend you like expensive wine.
I know a lot of wealthy people, and yet not many of them drive a Rolls Royce or a Ferrari! However, I also know some of poor people on the verge of bankruptcy driving Bentleys!
However, what I have come to understand from my life’s journey is that I am always in the right place at the right time. In fact, there is no other place I could possibly be.
Dare to believe that there is something better for you and that you can change your future and make it better.
With a clear idea of what you want in life, you need to actively pursue your dream. Half-hearted attempts will not work.
Dreams give purpose to one’s life. If you do not wish anything better for yourself or for your loved ones, then life loses meaning.
There are many fun things to do in life, but few that are more rewarding than committing to living the life of your dreams.
Often the unfavorable events of our lives are a catalyst for long needed change, so what seemed like a poor decision in the beginning can result in much better quality of life in the long term.
Do not look back at the decision, look for the solution.
When it comes to creating million dollar inventive ideas, most people stop short of reaching the mother stratum while mining their own seam of gold! Genius takes effort and passion.
There is doggedness to genius. It is the ability to dig deep and hold on to the dream.
It is easy to be average. It takes no endeavor at all to be like everybody else.
When we give up our dreams then we are merely existing and not living.
Be who you are longing to be, practice thinking of yourself as the person of your dreams.
Only when you verbalize your interests will the Universe be able to come to your aid.
Your dreams may have been buried inside of you for a long time because you were busy with things that needed to get done, but it is never too late to dare to dream.
Self-expression is an important requirement if you desire to make giant leaps in your career.
Working on your dream whenever it is convenient for you will not work. When you dare to dream, you should also dare to do.
Everybody has dreams and goals. All you have to do is dig them up.
Looking flash without the cash is worthless!
Stash the cash and stop being flash if you want to give being wealthy a bash!
Each of us channel through the rest of us, which is true on every plane of being and in every field of enterprise and in all walks of life.
All we are in possession of is the result of the snowballing attitude of our minds.
When it comes to manifesting anything you desire, sometimes you have to go and collect.
As the Universe brings your desires towards you, sometimes you must take the path it lays out for you so that you can be in the right place to receive it.
Positive words can bend your world in your favor.
Millionaires, though, see objects like diamonds and good feelings merely as fruits. The root of true wealth, in fact, stems from your behaviors.
When you are able to identify what drives you, you will be better equipped to draw out your possible options and make the relevant decisions that will help you achieve your goals.
Discovering how the Universe will manifest all of your dreams for you is going to be an exciting journey that will harmonize the trinity of your mind, body and spirit.
Creating abundance must start from within ourselves.
Leaving your future to pot luck is holding you back, you are worth more than anything, yet why do you leave everything to chance?
The foundation of all personal development, actually, is self-acceptance and self-love.
Your level of vibration runs parallel with your feelings, meaning you are in control of your life and the events that come into your life at any given moment.
Base your self-esteem on truth.
Gratitude raises your awareness and focus and it can inspire you to achieve better for yourself and the people around you.
Once you realize that everything in the Universe is connected then you will have a better understanding of the fundamental nature of manifesting.
What is energy? Everything is energy.
The higher the vibration, the more positive the events or people you attract and likewise.
Time is manmade! It is simply an invention! Believe it or not, time only exists here on earth for us humans.
Your attitudes towards others affect what you think about yourself.
The second step that comes right after taking responsibility for everything that occurs in your life is to let go of all that you do not feel good about.
The first step to reclaim your power to control your own life is to take responsibility for your life completely.
To make initial inroads into manifesting a new life, first one has to acknowledge their current life.
Just as you first eat with your eyes, you also first desire things with your subconscious mind!
No matter what you say to someone else, you always hear it first.
A thoughtform is rather like electricity … it must first be created and then discharged in order to exist.
Just think how many thousands of years nature has spent sculpting rocks for us! I can tell you, I have learned that just because it was that way yesterday, it does not mean that it should be that way tomorrow.
Unlocking the power of your subconscious mind is a simple process, requiring only your willingness and effort.
Being able to unlock your subconscious mind depends on knowing what you want before you can achieve it.
One BIG thing you overlooked when setting out on living the adventure of being wealthy was that you overlooked your current reality!
Imagine repeating the power words ‘love’ or ‘happiness’ for five minutes twice a day for the rest of your life, amazing things could happen.
You can create financial abundance by having a positive relationship with money.
Everything is energy, and energy cannot be created or destroyed, it can only be changed or mutated from one form to another.
When you begin to entertain the more positive possibilities, hope for the best, plan for the best and expect the best, your eventual attraction of the best possible circumstances is almost guaranteed.
I had less and became more.
Abundance does not come in packages, it comes from the happiness within.
Serenity within the chaos of life is there to be discovered, just look within yourself for it.
Sometimes only when opportunity stops banging to be let in do we notice its absence!
Materialism allows for a greater vision!
The war going on within you is a reflection of every war that has ever taken place… past, present, and future. Each individual is a Spiritual Warrior and there is only one demon you must conquer…your SELF. You are the devil and you are the savior. You are a human with free will, and every morning you wake up and you make a choice.
Bran thought about it. 'Can a man still be brave if he's afraid?''That is the only time a man can be brave,' his father told him.
There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others. My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me.
Scared is what you're feeling. Brave is what you're doing.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
Here is the world. Beautiful and terrible things will happen. Don't be afraid.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
And one has to understand that braveness is not the absence of fear but rather the strength to keep on going forward despite the fear.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
If there was no fear, how could there be comfort? Or courage?
Do I dare Disturb the universe?
Give your enemy a face, If he is human, do not dehumanize him. Know him and know why he is your enemy. If your enemy is within you, understand what it is and why you are afraid. Put a face on your fear. When you understand it, and it is no longer vague and shapeless, you will find that your fear is no longer so formidable.
It has always seemed that a fear of judgment is the mark of guilt and the burden of insecurity.
I have not always chosen the safest path. I've made my mistakes, plenty of them. I sometimes jump too soon and fail to appreciate the consequences. But I've learned something important along the way: I've learned to heed the call of my heart. I've learned that the safest path is not always the best path and I've learned that the voice of fear is not always to be trusted.
Being terrified but going ahead and doing what must be done—that's courage. The one who feels no fear is a fool, and the one who lets fear rule him is a coward.
Courage is the complement of fear. A man who is fearless cannot be courageous. [He is also a fool.]
We have nothing to fear but fear itself," Otto replied. "Oh, and a megalomaniacal headmaster, the world's deadliets assassin, giant mutated plant monsters, an international cartel of supervillains, and the security forces of every country on earth, but other than that...just fear.
Courage is about learning how to function despite the fear, to put aside your instincts to run or give in completely to the anger born from fear. Courage is about using your brain and your heart when every cell of your body is screaming at your to fight or flee - and then following through on what you believe is the right thing to do.
Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.
Fear," the doctor said, "is the relinquishment of logic, the willing relinquishing of reasonable patterns. We yield to it or we fight it, but we cannot meet it halfway.
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
Courage is not the absence of fear or despair; it is the capacity to continue on despite them, no matter how great or overwhelming they become.
Face your fears or they will climb over your back.
But think of how much worse it would be to sit here, not knowing. Until the Dead choke the Ratterlin and Hedge walks across the dry bed of the river to batter down the door.
….it was a brave man’s fear. I knew what he meant. What must a brave general feel when he knows the battle has gone against him and nothing remains but death?
Simple shifts in points of view can open doors to expansions of consciousness as easily as rigid dispositions can close hearts and minds to such elevated awareness. It generally depends on whether you allow fear and violence to rule your actions or whether you give wisdom, courage, and compassion the authority to do so.
If you are facing a new challenge or being asked to do something that you have never done before don’t be afraid to step out. You have more capability than you think you do but you will never see it unless you place a demand on yourself for more.
I believe that courage is all too often mistakenly seen as the absence of fear. If you descend by rope from a cliff and are not fearful to some degree, you are either crazy or unaware. Courage is seeing your fear, in a realistic perspective, defining it, considering alternatives and choosing to function in spite of risks.
To live with fear and not be afraid is the final test of maturity.
To be feared of a thing and yet to do it, is what makes the prettiest kind of a man.
Write down 10 things you would do in your life if you had absolutely no fear. Then pick one of them and do it.
Courage is a decision you make to act in a way that works through your own fear for the greater good as opposed to pure self-interest. Courage means putting at risk your immediate self-interest for what you believe is right.
Therefore, when we neglect to fear such a brittle monstrosity, we render it powerless.
When a resolute young fellow steps up to the great bully, the world, and takes him boldly by the beard, he is often surprised to find it comes off in his hand, and that it was only tied on to scare away the timid adventurers.
I wouldn't give a tinker's damn for a man who isn't sometimes afraid. Fear's the spice that makes it interesting to go ahead.
I think fear is normal, Cade. Just don't let it win.
Hannah expected this to make her sob even more, but instead she found her tears drying up and her tummy growing warm. How dare they? How dare they do this to little girls? She understood now why her parents go so angry when they saw the result of bombers in the white hot streets of the Middle East, why men and women wailed in anger as well as grief as they lifted the limp bodies of children from the rubble. How dare they? No, she wasn't going to die like this, wrapped up like some helpless baby.
I'm not brave,' Ava replied huskily. 'If you only knew how afraid I really am. Sometimes I think I am afraid of everything.' 'But isn't that what being brave is all about? Being afraid, but doing it anyway?
Do you think courage means being fearless? Or daring? Courage, real courage, is taking three steps when it terrifies you.
Courage consists not in hazarding without fear but being resolutely minded in a just cause.
Everybody knows that. The missing step is always the next.
Courage and fear were one thing too.
The forest has shrunkAnd fear has expanded,The forests have dwindled,There are less animals now, 	less courage and less lightning,		less beauty	and the moon lies bare,		deflowered by force and			then abandoned.
I'm not givin' in an inch to fear.
But she believed there was a thin line between accepting one's fears and giving in to them altogether.
Worry is stressing about a situation that may or may not occur and it’s always in the negative sense.
Being in charge of your work life doesn't mean you always move with assurance and sublime self-confidence; it means you keep moving, continuing on your own path, even when you feel shaky and uncertain.
Behind every flinch is a fear or an anxiety - sometimes rational, sometimes not. Without the fear, there is no flinch. But wiping out the fear isn't what's important - facing it is.
I realized that the worst thing that could happen to me was about to happen to me.
There was nothing green left; artillery had denuded and scarred every inch of ground. Tiny flares glowed and disappeared. Shrapnel burst with bluish white puffs. Jets of flamethrowers flickered and here and there new explosions stirred up the rubble. While I watched, an American observation plane droned over the Japanese lines, spotting targets for the U.S. warships lying offshore. Suddenly the little plane was hit by flak and disintegrated. The carnage below continued without pause.Here I was safe, but tomorrow I would be there. In that instant I realized that the worst thing that could happen to me was about to happen to me.
There's no shame in fear. But understand this - the coward is ruled by fear, while the hero rides it like a wild stallion.
Bravery is a willing decision to do what must be done. Fear is a cancer that is cured only by doing what must be done, backed by an intelligent, open mind.
She realized with deep respect that this woman had always done what she had to do and faced what she had to face. If many of her fears and burdens would have seemed unreal to another woman, there was nothing unreal about her courage.
You have done well," Grandfather said. "We thank you.""We were afraid sometimes," Jetsam replied."Good." Grandfather's eyes smiled. "That means you had the courage to keep trying.
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar.
The mouse that fears the trap has already been trapped.
If you’re not scared every day, you’re not pushing hard enough.
Fear is the thing that makes the heart grow.
Remember, son, you're most afraid when you can think of no one but yourself.
Fear is really quite tedious. She wanted to be rid of it as soon as possible.
You don't really love me, or you never would have treated me like you did. You were just afraid of letting me go. There’s a difference, and no one knows that better than I do. We were both afraid of moving on, me of what I really wanted. It brought us together, it bound us, but no longer. I am done with making decisions based on fear. [Nicholas to Grace]
It’s natural to avoid the things we fear. Seeking out what terrifies me seems insane on a certain level, but more and more, the longer I’m alive, I find myself drawn to my most intense feelings, both good and bad. It seems that they are screaming out to me for a reason and that I have to know what they’re trying to say.
When some women felt fear, they covered it with an iron grate of courage, I thought. Men might be dangerous, but they were very often unperceptive. If fear only rumbled through a woman’s soul and glittered through her eyes, then perhaps the man she feared would not be aware it was there at all. He might even think that she was entirely confident, dauntless. He might believe her veneer of bravery.
For those who challenge the great dangers fearlessly, let us remind this realistic probability: Fear can save your life and courage may kill you; thus sometimes fear is a reasonable path to continue your path!
Courage is not the absence of Fear, but the ability to act in spite of fear!
I have to go. I have to be brave.
You have already lost if you are always fearful of losing everything.
Brave the skeletons, darling.
What is courage without fear?
If your dream doesn't scare you, it's not big enough.
One nurse thought I was "brave." I think she was talking about my steely-eyed, grin-and-bear-it kind of attitude. There were no tears, no complaints from me - a total lack of affect. In a victim, it is courage and thus admirable; in a predator, it is a lack of humanity and instills fear.
When we are most scared is the time to summon our clearest concentration and move forward, not back.
Growth requires courage, risk and the willingness to go beyond fear.
Some people say they have 20 years experience, when in reality, they have 1 year's experience repeated 20 times. (Stephen M R Covey to Richie Norton when Norton asked if he was too young to train older executives for Covey.)
Growth requires courage, strength and the willingness to go beyond fear.
When difficulties come, we must see them as what they are---opportunities and a new path to discover your potential. How will you ever know the magnitude of courage you are capable of if you have never experienced the hopelessness of fear?
My truth asked people to understand and to learn about depths of pain they had previously walked past…. I had kept my silence for a reason. - from Without a Voice by Chris Pepple
It takes courage to stand up for yourself. I stand in honor, and no longer in fear of speaking out.
Losing something happens in a day. An end takes one day. We all seem to focus on that one day, on that ending, rather than on the beautiful story that was created before the end came. We are obsessed with endings, so much so, that we would rather not live at all, than live and then lose. So, we have two choices: to not create our stories because we know that one day they have endings, or, to build our stories and therefore to live, filling the many years with memories and moments! An end takes one day to happen, but life takes place in the moments and in the memories that we choose to feel, to build, to hold. Don't miss out on the years, for the fear of one day.
I’ve learned that to be courageous is to feel fear within, every step of the way. Courage does not take over, it fights and struggles through every word you say and every step you take. It’s a battle or a dance as to whether to let it pervade. It takes courage to overcome, but it takes extreme fear to be courageous.
I've learned that to be courageous is to feel fear within, every step of the way. Courage does not take over, it fights and struggles through every word you say and every step you take. It's a battle or a dance as to whether to let it pervade. It takes courage to overcome, but it takes extreme fear to be courageous.
Stop groveling, stop whining and start working!
Many people believe that eliminating the apparent causes of fear will eliminate it, but fear, like beauty, is part of the world. The fear of fear results in the growth of terror as well as a loss of the beauty and wonder of the world. By fearing fear, we create the room for terror and panic to grow. People become blinded by fear, driven by anxieties, and increasingly ruled by phobias and obsessions. When we fail to recognize how fear works in the world, we become ruled by it. The point is not to become paralyzed with foreboding or be caught in the panic that can grip the collective and cause people to run blindly in the wrong direction. The point is to willingly go where most fear to go, to follow where the fear might lead and face the ways that the world roars at us.
A bull that allows a he goat to deter it from moving forward is nothing but a mere he goat
The older you grow, the younger your fears grow!
No such thing as the right time, situation or place. You have all it takes. Just dig within. Exhume all the greatness inside of you and transform the world with an inexhaustible drive and without fear of limitations.
You fear you will fail at the very thing you were born for. And your fear torments you...instead of shunning your fear, you must let it speak and listen carefully to what it's trying to tell you. It will give you good counsel.
The ugliest government is the one which is spreading fear to its own people! The finest government is the one which encourages its own people to criticize the government harshly.
They use fear to control us, they control us to make us afraid. One more reason to be brave.
In my work with hundreds of women over the past few years a theme has emerged: women’s desperate, unquenchable desire to step into their power, countered by the fear of what will happen if they do. The longing to express the riches inside them, wrestling with the deep terror of being burned by the judgement, hatred or rejection of strangers or loved ones if they do. This fear of being burned is an oddly female one. It is a fear which keeps us small and scared… but seemingly safe. From the outside this can seem like an overreaction. Both the need, and the fear. But women, it seems, have an innate knowing of what it means to burn… and be burned. They know the dangers in their bones. And it makes them wary.
Creativity takes courage. Not just once, but consistently. Without courage we cannot be creative. Without feeling fear at some point we will not reach our creative potential. From first putting paint on paper through to selling our work on a worldwide stage there is plenty to be scared of. But this is where creativity lives – on the edge of our comfort zones.
We dare not talk of the darkness for fear it will infect us.We dare not talk of the fire, for fear it will destroy us.And so we live in the half-light, Like our mothers before us.Come to the fire, Feel it warm your skin.Come to the fire,Feel it burn in your belly,Shine out through your eyes.Come dance in the fire, Let it fuel your prayers.
What excites us the most or likewise scares us the most is when something is exactly what it says it is. And when it comes to Christmas, we’re going to end up finding ourselves on one side of that line or the other.
Pushing through fear was what eventually set you free.
Fear is acceptable, as long as I don't allow it to cripple me...
Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
Fear echoes your self-defined limitations, not your actual ones. To change your self-image, you must face what scares you.
One thing that is guaranteed not to work. Doing Nothing. A goldmine when you realise it. Don't be paralysed by analysis. Don't be paralysed by fear. The one thing that is guaranteed not to work. Doing nothing achieves nothing.
The truth is that you are afraid.''Afraid? I do not know all the words in the Parisian jargon, and I know not what you mean.
Aukeman quotes Norman Mailer:"No wonder then that these have been the years of conformity and depression. A stench of fear has come out of every pore of American life and we suffer from a collective failure or nerve. The only courage, with rare exceptions, that we have been witness to, has been the isolated courage of isolated people." Welcome to Painterland (2016) Chapter 4, p.108
Insecurity is the lack of trust in your abilities and worth. When you enter into a secured state of consciousness, everything that helped boost your confidence will return.
Through every generation of the human race there has been a constant war, a war with fear. Those who have the courage to conquer it are made free and those who are conquered by it are made to suffer until they have the courage to defeat it, or death takes them.
One challenge at a time, I try to turn into the face of fear and tell it “you are not my master, you are the product of my self and I am your master.” I look into the monster’s eyes until it disappears. Then I am free.
One day, you muster the courage and let go of the fear. In a brief moment of insanity, you give wings to the stories you had wanted to tell; some you didn't even know were in you. In that instant, something about you changes. You are born again.
Courage emerges as you climb over the circumstances that threaten to bury you! But you must be willing to climb to find courage.
All men have their FEARS. But those who face their fears with FAITH have COURAGE as well.
You can shine as a light in this world and you will be safe. The divine has your back.
You don’t know anything about me.”“No, I know not everything about you. But I sense enough to know you have mistaken obsession with drive, guilt with injustice. I know you want to escape what you are, cabbage fairy,” he said, reaching for his hood and gloves and tucking them into the waistband of his trousers. “Your desires are no different from my own, I simply have the courage to face them.
Bravery is not found in getting knocked down. Rather, bravery is found is getting back up knowing that you’re going to get knocked down again.
Fear is leaden. Courage is golden. Let go of the weight of the world, and you will fly.
I often ask to what place I am running, for if I am unable to identify that place it is likely that I am running in a circle of the most circular sort.
It was necessary to be afraid in order to have courage.
To fall is not to fail. To fail is to never fall because I never got up in the first place.
Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action.....no matter what. So you're afraid? Be afraid. Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!
The only thing that makes advice great is when you apply it and it works so try, try try.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something is more important than fear.
Courage doesn't mean never being afraid. We're all afraid sometimes. Bravery means doing the right thing anyway. That's true strength.
Be inspired; you have seen another day! Smile; you have another chance! Take a step; you can do it again! Move; you can't continue like this! Do something for that is all life is about! Impact makers take steps. Impact makers face challenges. Impact makers overcome challenges. Each day is a new day to have a different view of the real purpose why we live. Each day is another chance to take a step towards a great end. Each day is another day to choose courage or fear! Each day is another moment of time to dare tactically or to do anything! When you wake up, do something! Smile, you have seen another day! Be happy and make each day count!
Christians sometimes make themselves into elephants afraid of mice. You have the Creator of the universe on your side; not to mention, you've been given eternal life. 'Whom or what shall you fear?' To be afraid of anything other than God himself is like an insult to God.
Judgement of others and ourselves always comes from a place of fear. It is fear that keeps us from living authentically all that we say we value.
Then the dwarves forgot their joy and their confident boasts of a moment before and cowered down in fright. Smaug was still to be reckoned with. It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him.
Fear is like an illusion of a dangerous wall between you and your goal.
Destroy thefear in youbefore thefear destroysthe lifebefore you.
Do not be afraid of that which should be afraid of you
Fear least have power! The power of fear lies in the power of our fears. Without the power of our fears, fear is least empowered!
Do not be afraid of what should be afraid of you
Do what you will. I do not fear death.
Am I doomed? Flashing darkness is pretty much the same as flashing light really. Fear isn’t at all the same as courage but after a certain point perhaps being afraid of everything is the same as being afraid of nothing.
When the whispers of fear and doubt start screaming inside of you, turn up the volume of your courage by focusing on your faith, energizing through example, living to learn, and learning to love and be loved better.
But there was a special kind of gift that came with embracing the chaos, even if I cursed most of the way. I'm convinced that, when everything is wiped blank, it's life 's way of forcing you to become acquainted with and aware of who you are now, who you can become. What is the fulfillment of your soul?
I have no expectation that any man will read history aright who thinks that what was done in a remote age, by men whose names have resounded far, has any deeper sense than what he is doing today.
Act with purpose, courage, confidence, competence and intelligence until these qualities 'lock in' to your subconscious mind.
Lots of paths lead to beautiful places, but always remember someone had to make those paths. Have no fear in making your own path.
Character and purpose are directly linked to confidence and conviction. What links them? Courage – to be oneself, no matter what others might say.
When people reject you, don't be discouraged, because you can still fulfill your God given purpose without them. Remember that your destiny is not tied to any human being, but designed specially for you, by your Creator.
Be optimistic and don’t ever get discouraged or give up no matter how vain it may seem initially
Never get discouraged because you got fired
Files of the past can be changed through shock, encouragement or pain
Never give up. Things may be hard, but if you quit trying they'll never get better. Stop worrying and start trusting God. It will be worth it.
Walk free from the long shadows cast by small people.
Sometimes integrity is seen as a threat by those who desire control.
listen to me,you’ve got this.seriously, you’ve got this.
Is there any courage, without craziness?
Your body expresses yesterday in what it wants today. If you think: yesterday I was, tomorrow I shall be, you are thinking: I have died a little. Be what you are becoming, without clinging to what you might have been, what you might yet be. Never settle. Leave definitiveness to the undecided; we don't need it.
Don’t be afraid of exploring your capabilities, of seeking adventures, of searching for answers, of pushing the envelope, of finding gaps between the fences. Don’t, be afraid... Period. Life is too short to be a wuss.
Poetry empowers the simplest of lives to confront the most extreme sorrows with courage, and motivates the mightiest of offices to humbly heed lessons in compassion.
Speak positivity to yourself daily and repeatedly. You can manifest positivity into your life simply by speaking it and believing it. When you're able to speak and see what you want for yourself, you will be able to make the things you seek a reality!
Ô, the wine of a woman from heaven is sent,more perfect than all that a man can invent.
Smile and Slay.You have to slay it in life or life will slay you.
Stay encouraged and stay motivated! You are greater than you know.
Stop your dreams from being dreams by turning them into reality.
In order to discover who you are within, you need to attune your visionary world deep in your sub-conscience to the outward world and live it.
Whatever's got you down is causing a great deal of stress. Pick yourself up and reflect on the positive things about your life. You'd be surprised at how one slingshot of optimism can overturn the deep dark thoughts affecting your mood and making you vulnerable.
Your skill, strength, and overall survival are offensive to some people. Those are definitely not your people.
Sometimes to change a situation you are in requires you to take a giant leap. But, you won't be able to fly unless you are willing to transform.
Do not allow your happiness to be controlled by the thoughts of others. People are happy for you one minute and then the next they are looking down their noses at you. You have to find within yourself the kind of happiness that withstands the ups and downs of life. No one should have the power to limit or repress your happiness.
Being success is not an easy thing. It need courage, fight, brave, and time. Let them judge. Just show them the result later. Because a wise man said that success is the biggest revenge.
When you know your role in life, living makes sense because of clarity, and the loads become enjoyable to carry.
You think I'm giving up. I'm not. I'm giving in.
No man's advice can change you unless you speak to yourself. Bible school or seminars can't change you, going to church can't change you except you decide to change.Psalm 139:23 - 24
Make your book of life a musical. Never abandon obligations, but have fun leaving behind a colorful legacy. Never allow anybody to be the composer of your own destiny. Take control of your life, and don't allow limitations implanted by society tell you how your music is supposed to sound — or how your book is supposed to be written.
This feat I also had no idea how to accomplish, but ignorance had never stopped me from taking action before.
Life is fearless battle.
Pat yourself on the back when you win.And when you don't, just keep moving!So long as you don't stop moving,Soon you may realize just how close you are to winning!
We all have the power within us, to make something of ourselves, the thing is very few believe it.
What you do with ease is your passion. It is a realm of flow like a continuous flowing stream .
Do not rush in the ride of life.
If you are confident, you have the courage for existence.
My courage and my resolution is firm; but my hopes fluctuate, and my spirits are often depressed.
High demands and expectations without skill development, encouragement or the feeling of a “win” will lead to resentment. Demanding perfection is exhausting on the part of the person making the demands and on the person of whom the perfection is demanded.
Success demands a price that only a few are willing to pay ... blood, flesh, time, money, pride, heartbreak and energy. Anyone who has ever succeeded has the battle scars to prove the sacrifices they've made.
Your life looks like a prison because you focus on the things you wish you had and thus don’t appreciate what you already have.So why don’t you try to see the abundance in your life? Because, if you haven’t noticed, you’ve got many things to thank for. Just look around.
I don't believe in the word " incurable " I believe to find a cure we need to deconstruct the cause.
in our life many moments which can only be set-forth as best and described as perfect, only these are the moments that you wish were rooted in heart, in mind, in time, and effectively ignore all kind of cruelty and sadness this world has to offer. Unfortunately we can not prevent it from our life, because fortunate or unfortunate finally we’re all going to have to live it. And as perfect as a moment is, don’t be shocked, don't be scared to let it go and confront the world with your true-cent, with your positive impact and move forward in this unstable/unexpected journey of life. As appealing it is to have that one moment where life made sense and beautiful frozen in time, remember that there are many more ‘perfect’ moments fabricated on your way waiting for you…to sweep over the challenges of life to make each moment worth it..
Be so focused on believing that you can that it doesn't matter if anyone says you can't.
When push to the wall. You have to develop strategies to scale over the wall.
Pure mind.Pure body.Pure spirit.
The strength of spirit is measured by sufferings.
Write your sacred story.
Embrace each other with joyful smiles and sacred kiss.
May you find the courage to rise above any circumstance.
I dance to the music in my heart.
The right word said at right time is sacred utterance.
Seek to hear thy inner voice.
If you saturate your mind with positive thoughts, it will sustain you in any situation.
You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.
Life is an enduring endeavour.
Every day holds infinite opportunities. Explore!
The right time is now, pursue you dreams!
Face fears with faith.
If you don’t reach out to me when I am in distress, do you want to celebrate my success?
Boldly walk on own path. You will find your treasure.
I just got my blood running with so much love.
Courage is a warrior, wisdom is a sage, virtue is a priest, and love is poet.
Divorce fear. Court courage. Pursue hope. Marry love.
It takes courage to forgive love and allow yourself to embrace it again, its like discovering wings you thought you've lost
Dear fear, I’m divorcing you. Dear courage, I’m courting you. Dear hope, I’m pursuing you. Dear love, I’m marrying you.
If your heart has been broken nine times, muster the courage to love again for the tenth.
A man with integrity, with vision, with a sense of purpose and place in the world as exactly himself. That's the kind of man I'll settle for.
This story is not about avoiding death, but living life.
Be like the sun who fell in love with the moon and shared all his light.
Never settle for being ordinary, you're made whole in God, you're uniquely perfect. Made to love and be loved.
Love makes you strong when others are weak, brave when others are scared, hopeful when others are despairing and cheerful when others are sad.
We start a relationship with someone not only because of how great they are but how great they make us feel. And because they have granted us this extraordinary gift—a chance to experience love, joy, compassion, and security —it is our exclusive privilege to make them feel wonderful about themselves, especially during days when they, themselves, don't feel so wonderful.
If a woman tells you how terrible she looks, sincerely deny it, even if you agree.
Courage. Kindness. Friendship. Character. These are the qualities that define us as human beings, and propel us, on occasion, to greatness.
A bolt of warmth, fierce with joy and pride and gratitude, flashed through me like sudden lightning. I don’t care about whose DNA has recombined with whose. When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching—they are your family. And they were my heroes.
Your friends will believe in your potential, your enemies will make you live up to it.
But people need lift, too. People don't get moving, they don't soar, they don't achieve great heights, without someone buoying them up.
Every great day has a story and a song!
There comes a time in your life when you can no longer put off choosing. You have to choose one path or the other. You can live safe and be protected by people just like you, or you can stand up and be a leader for what is right. Always, remember this: People never remember the crowd; they remember the one person that had the courage to say and do what no one would do.
Thunderstorms are as much our friends as the sunshine.
For a permanent solution to easing tension and soothe the rough waters of the world that cause people to go to drugs, drinking, gambling, pornography, overeating, or anything that will give them some temporary relief, you can’t beat the support and encouragement of a friend.
Encourage, lift and strenthen one another. For the positive energy spread to one will be felt by us all.
And I want you to know that I heard what you said in that speech,' Rider said, his voice scratchy. 'I might've saved you all those years ago, but now you've saved me,'My heart stuttered and then sped up. I reacted without thought. Placing the book on the bed, I launched myself at Rider just as he came off the window seat. We collided. I folded my arms around him as we went down onto the floor, me partially in his lap and his arms tight around my waist, his face burrowed against my neck. I felt a tremor run through his body and then he shook in my arms. I held him tighter as he broke into pieces, and years of holding it together shattered. I held him through it all. Then it was  me  who put Rider back together.
Gentleness towards self and others makes life a little lighter.
Kate faced the crowd. They were just eyes and teeth to her, just spit and voices. It was a moment, even, before they became people: a man with one blind eye, another whose neck was thick with lumps and weeping wounds of scrofula. The poorest of the market.At Kate's feet, Drina. Her scarf and shirt were torn open.
Expose Yourself to True Friendship for It Heals, encourages and lifts you higher.
If only I could spend all days surrounded by people brave enough to open their hearts for real.
Without encouragement, what is the value of any meaningful relationship
Being first to ask for help in a friendship takes courage and humility.
Stop. Stop trying to make the illusion of strength. You don't need it. Not here. Not now. Let yourself be sad until the real strength returns.
Can two walk together, unless they are agreed?’Amos 3:3‘Does This Person Belong in your Life?’A toxic relationship is like a limb with gangrene: unless you amputate it the infection can spread and kill you. Without the courage to cut off what refuses to heal, you’ll end up losing a lot more. Your personal growth - and in some cases your healing - will only be expedited by establishing relationships with the right people. Maybe you’ve heard the story about the scorpion who asked the frog to carry him across the river because he couldn’t swim. ‘I’m afraid you’ll sting me,’ replied the frog. The scorpion smiled reassuringly and said, ‘Of course I won’t. If I did that we’d both drown!’ So the frog agreed, and the scorpion hopped on his back. Wouldn’t you know it: halfway across the river the scorpion stung him! As they began to sink the frog lamented, ‘You promised you wouldn’t sting me. Why’d you do it?’ The scorpion replied, ‘I can’t help it. It’s my nature!’ Until God changes the other person’s nature, they have the power to affect and infect you. For example, when you feel passionately about something but others don’t, it’s like trying to dance a foxtrot with someone who only knows how to waltz. You picked the wrong dance partner! Don’t get tied up with someone who doesn’t share your values and God-given goals. Some issues can be corrected through counselling, prayer, teaching, and leadership. But you can’t teach someone to care; if they don’t care they’ll pollute your environment, kill your productivity, and break your rhythm with constant complaints. That’s why it’s important to pray and ask God, ‘Does this person belong in my life?
Your body can be in captivity, your life can be in captivity, but there is only one thing you should not allow to be in captivity; that is your soul.
Slavery of the soul is worst than the slavery of the flesh.....
Where you are running to is not the answer, who is with you is the power.
Do you want to grow spiritually? Build better relationships? Succeed in your career? Conquer anxiety and find peace? Break a bad habit? Be healed from the emotional wounds of your past? Then meditate on, ponder, think about, practise mentally, and verbalise the Word of God. Instead of living off someone else’s spiritual insight, study God’s Word for yourself and allow the Holy Spirit to bless you with life-transforming insights. Jesus said, ‘The Spirit takes my message and tells it to you’ (John 16:15). And you’ll experience the truth of those words when you personalise the Scripture you’re reading.
Romans 12:2What is the difference between a person born with a silver spoon that later eat with the pig and someone born among the pigs without a silver spoon in his mouth and later eat with a golden spoon? One must have changed his mind. If you can renew your mind, you can change your destiny.
Your Skin is not a deprivation, your life is not a defeat, the fact that you call yourself black does not mean that your eyes, soul and brain are black try to whiten yourself. If they blackmail you, whitemail yourself.Don't allow people's opinion to pin you down. Build yourself above the standard of slavery.
The Greek word for ‘self-control’ comes from a root word meaning ‘to grip’. It calls for getting a grip on your spending so that you don’t go into debt for things you don’t need and can’t pay for. It calls for getting a grip on your temper and not saying things you’ll later regret: ‘Better … a man who controls his temper than one who takes a city’ (Proverbs 16:32 NIV 1984 Edition). It calls for getting a grip on your desires. If Joseph had failed to say no to the repeated advances of his boss’ wife, he’d never have seen his life’s dream fulfilled and sat on the throne of Egypt. Understand this: Satan has discerned your destiny and he’s out to stop you from reaching it. So pray for self-control, and practise it on a daily basis.
There’s an interesting story about Abraham Lincoln. During the American Civil War he signed an order transferring certain regiments, but Secretary of War Edwin Stanton refused to execute it, calling the president a fool. When Lincoln heard he replied, ‘If Stanton said I’m a fool then I must be, for he’s nearly always right, and he says what he thinks. I’ll step over and see for myself.’ He did, and when Stanton convinced him the order was in error, Lincoln quietly withdrew it. Part of Lincoln’s greatness lay in his ability to rise above pettiness, ego, and sensitivity to other people’s opinions. He wasn’t easily offended. He welcomed criticism, and in doing so demonstrated one of the strengths of a truly great person: humility. So, have you been criticised? Make it a time to learn, not lose.
They terminate your job? Employ yourself. They retire you? Refire yourself.
When you are busy doing something for God, God will also be busy doing something for you.
Do not let sin reign in your mortal body so that you obey its evil desires.’Romans 6:12Self-control is one of the great keys to success in life. And since God’s Word has a lot to say about it, if you ask Him He will help you to cultivate it. What you struggled with when you were young will be different from the things you struggle with when you’re older, but you’ll face temptation in one form or another as long as you live. Self-control is one of the nine fruits of the Spirit listed in the Bible (see Galatians 5:22-23). It calls for bringing every aspect of your life under the mastery of the Holy Spirit. It’s a lifestyle characterised by discipline, not impulse.
How do we know those who are on the Lord's side?My answer: when things happened adversarily, those who stand by God becomes Testifiers.I testify that the Lord is good, I don't know about you.
The people that God will bless the most are those who stayed with God. You do not work with walmart and expect Microsoft to pay you.
Only in christanity that people that fall remain on the ground. When boxers are knocked down they refuse to remain on the ground or to accept a knock out. Even when they are bleeding with swollen faces, they still get up to fight but in Christianity even a push, not even a blow, Boxers gets up, wrestlers jumps up, Christians lie down.Do you know why? They do not fight a good fight, they expect to lose before they enter the ring. Every good fighter is an enduring person, they do excercise and training, they learn the act of endurance. You can't be a good Christian without an amour which is the word of God.
We never look at people with the eye of God instead we look at them from their past, what they did wrong.
Don't be afraid of trial but don't die in your temptation.
If God permit you to fall, He will definitely stand by you to rise.
Only trials can bring you triumph and only obstacles can bring you miracle.
You are knocked down? Get up and move on....
What happens to you when you are not enough for yourself? The day that you will know that the second name of this world is trouble? The day that you will understand that salvation does not eliminate trials? The fact that you are baptised by the holy ghost does not send the devil to hell fire?Jesus didn't say kill the devil, He said cast him out. You may cast Him out from Germany, he may land in the United Kingdom. ..he is still there.Just bear in mind that heaven and earth may pass away but God and His words still remain the same.
God is looking for a willing heart. He is searching for few like Easther....who will say if I perish I perish! God is looking for peopke like Ruth....your God shall be my God and your people shall be my people. With just 3 He can do more than with the crowd.God does not use all to win all.
How do you feel when you want to stand and you see yourself on the floor?Sometimes what God will ask you to do will knock you down.What do you do when God says rise and He pushes you down?How do you feel when very many will become I alone? How do you feel when all the people you told your secrets sale you out?How do you feel when your confidant becomes your betrayal?How do you feel when the person you thought will push you forward told you, I know you will fail?Do you still remember that the bible says that not even a hair will pull of you without being noticed by God? Have you not heard that the steps of a righteous man are ordered by God?How do you handle disappointments?In every situation you find yourself, give God the glory.
Are you using your time to time God or you are working on God's timing? Don't ask God for the gift of Patience and you tell him you need it now. (A bit deep)
We dropped our hands, both embarrassed by the sincerity of the moment. But I was learning, Sometimes you had to put it all out there, no matter how hard it felt to do so. When the people in your life were worth it, so was the risk.
Encouragement is a mark of true friendship.
You will hardly find wrong people at right places. Choose to be at the right places and you will find the right people who will inspire you to make it happen!
Unfortunately, our society is a victim of such a world system which does not encourage people to live consciously and become who they were called to be
Young people today are deeply passionate and crave authentic life based on truth. They're hungry to make a difference. They're willing to take a stand for whatever they believe, even to die for a cause. When they sell out to Jesus, they'll pursue a standard of righteousness that is greater than anything you and I ever saw growing up. Don't water it down. Don't lower the standard. And don't just settle for raising it-raise it higher. Believe in your children. Talk with them. Speak well of them. Encourage them. Pray for them. Celebrate the victories with them. Affirm their growth. We can raise a generation that, although they'll make mistakes, will sell out completely when Jesus grips them. They'll give Him everything. They'll make you proud by being even weirder than you are.
And if we burn, you burn with us.
For the whole earth is the tomb of famous men; not only are they commemorated by columns and inscriptions in their own country, but in foreign lands there dwells also an unwritten memorial of them, graven not on stone but in the hearts of men. Make them your examples, and, esteeming courage to be freedom and freedom to be happiness, do not weigh too nicely the perils of war."[Funeral Oration of Pericles]
It was not well to drive men into final corners
Young men go to war. Sometimes because they have to, sometimes because they want to. Always, they feel they are supposed to. This comes from the sad, layered stories of life, which over the centuries have seen courage confused with picking up arms, and cowardice confused with laying them down.
Oh! What honour for the female sex! It is perfectly obvious that God has special regard for it when all these wretched people who destroyed the whole Kingdom – now recovered and made safe by a woman, something that 5000 men could not have done – and the traitors [have been] exterminated. Before the event they would scarcely have believed this possible.
When we take your person into account, you who are a young maiden, to whom God gives the strength and power to be the champion who casts the rebels down and feeds France with the sweet, nourishing milk of peace, here indeed is something quite extraordinary! For if God performed such a great number of miracles through Joshua who conquered many a place and cast down many an enemy, he, Joshua, was a strong and powerful man. But, after all, a woman – a simple shepherdess – braver than any man ever was in Rome! As far as God is concerned, this was easily accomplished. But as for us, we never heard tell of such an extraordinary marvel, for the prowess of all the great men of the past cannot be compared to this woman's whose concern it is to cast out our enemies. This is God's doing: it is He who guides her and who has given her a heart greater than that of any man.
He saw that it was an ironical thing for him to be running thus toward that which he had been at such pains to avoid.
This is how hatred begins -- with a muffled laugh on a hot night and a knock on the door.
As he grew older, which was mostly in my absence, my firstborn son, Alexander, became ever more humorous and courageous. There came a time, as the confrontation with the enemies of our civilization became more acute, when he sent off various applications to enlist in the armed forces. I didn't want to be involved in this decision either way, especially since I was being regularly taunted for not having 'sent' any of my children to fight in the wars of resistance that I supported. (As if I could 'send' anybody, let alone a grown-up and tough and smart young man: what moral imbeciles the 'anti-war' people have become.)
Sometimes I see myself driving through hell with this wagon and selling brimstone. And sometimes I’m driving through heaven handing our provisions to wandering souls! If only we could find a place where there’s no shooting, me and my children—what’s left of ‘em—we might rest a while.
From the bonny bells of heather,They brewed a drink long syne,Was sweeter far than honey,Was stronger far than wine.They brewed it and they drank it,And lay in blessed swound,For days and days together,In their dwellings underground.There rose a King in Scotland,A fell man to his foes,He smote the Picts in battle,He hunted them like roes.Over miles of the red mountainHe hunted as they fled,And strewed the dwarfish bodiesOf the dying and the dead.Summer came in the country,Red was the heather bell,But the manner of the brewing,Was none alive to tell.In graves that were like children’sOn many a mountain’s head,The Brewsters of the HeatherLay numbered with the dead.The king in the red moorlandRode on a summer’s day;And the bees hummed and the curlewsCried beside the way.The King rode and was angry,Black was his brow and pale,To rule in a land of heather,And lack the Heather Ale.It fortuned that his vassals,Riding free upon the heath,Came on a stone that was fallenAnd vermin hid beneath.Roughly plucked from their hiding,Never a word they spoke:A son and his aged father –Last of the dwarfish folk.The king sat high on his charger,He looked down on the little men;And the dwarfish and swarthy coupleLooked at the king again.Down by the shore he had them:And there on the giddy brink –“I will give thee life ye vermin,For the secret of the drink.”There stood the son and fatherAnd they looked high and low;The heather was red around them,The sea rumbled below.And up spoke the father,Shrill was his voice to hear:“I have a word in private,A word for the royal ear.“Life is dear to the aged,And honour a little thing;I would gladly sell the secret”,Quoth the Pict to the King.His voice was small as a sparrow’s,And shrill and wonderful clear:“I would gladly sell my secret,Only my son I fear.“For life is a little matter,And death is nought to the young;And I dare not sell my honour,Under the eye of my son.Take him, O king, and bind him,And cast him far in the deep;And it’s I will tell the secretThat I have sworn to keep.”They took the son and bound him,Neck and heels in a thong,And a lad took him and swung him,And flung him far and strongAnd the sea swallowed his body,Like that of a child of ten;And there on the cliff stood the father,Last of the dwarfish men.“True was the word I told you:Only my son I feared;For I doubt the sapling courage,That goes without the beard.But now in vain is the torture,Fire shall not avail:Here dies in my bosomThe secret of the Heather Ale.
This country has not seen and probably will never know the true level of sacrifice of our veterans. As a civilian I owe an unpayable debt to all our military. Going forward let’s not send our servicemen and women off to war or conflict zones unless it is overwhelmingly justifiable and on moral high ground. The men of WWII were the greatest generation, perhaps Korea the forgotten, Vietnam the trampled, Cold War unsung and Iraqi Freedom and Afghanistan vets underestimated. Every generation has proved itself to be worthy to stand up to the precedent of the greatest generation. Going back to the Revolution American soldiers have been the best in the world. Let’s all take a remembrance for all veterans who served or are serving, peace time or wartime and gone or still with us. 11/11/16 May God Bless America and All Veterans.
It is nearly impossible.''Nearly impossible and impossible are not the same thing.
It was not courage, exactly; the object was not valor. Rather, they were too frightened to be cowards.
We will continue to march, even if everything shatters, because today Germany hears us, and tomorrow, the whole world. And because of the Great War, the world lies in ruins, but devil may care, we build it up again.
In battle, it is not the strongest or the bravest or those with the greater numbers who win. Victory belongs to the side that best understands the price of defeat.
To retain our dignity, we must sometimes refuse to live life at any cost
Courage is the counterpoint of fear. Courage appears when in war or business, one is indeed scared.
Examples of goodness that know no ethnic, religious, racial, or political bounds are important documents of war, as they also represent an axis around which a healthy future can be constructed after the atrocities have halted.
The most alarming sign of the state of our society now is that our leaders have the courage to sacrifice the lives of young people in war but have not the courage to tell us that we must be less greedy and less wasteful.
Among the Kimbrii the greatest shame a person can bring to himself or his clan is to start a war, but the second greatest is to submit to tyranny or injustice without a fight.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
Run my dear,From anythingThat may not strengthenYour precious budding wings.
May your dreams be larger than mountains and may you have the courage to scale their summits.
They will talk about you and it won't always be good. You won't even know them but they will critique you - and judge you - and everything you stand for. Their words will cut through your heart-strings and make you question the hopes and dreams that have gnawed your soul since birth. I warn you, because I believe your unique gift of expression needs to be shared. Resist cowering down and holding back for fear of rejection. Spread those creative wings and create. But, prepare yourself. Because naysayers are not a possibility, they are a guarantee.
All what you seek is within you.
All writers are demonic dreamers. Writing is an act of sharing experiences and offering of an individualistic perspective of our private attitudes pertaining to whatever topics of thought intrigues the author. Writing is a twitchy art, which attempts to employ linguist building blocks handed-down from past generations. Writers’ word choices form a structure of conjoined sentences when overlaid with the lingua of modern culture. Writers attempt to emulate in concrete form the synesthesia of our personal pottage steeped in our most vivid feelings. Writing a personal essay calls for us to sort out a jungle of lucid observations and express in a tangible technique our unique interpretation of coherent observations interlaced with that effusive cascade of yearning, the universal spice of unfilled desire, which turmoil of existential angst swamps us.
Don’t drown dreams in the sea of yearningsMake your own choicesWake up to catch those cloudsBe the person you want to be!
I can sacrifice everything for my dreams and goals encourage me or simply leave me.
Have a dream in your head and a fire in your heart.
Like seeds planted in the depths of our souls, our dreams are at the center of who we really are. Our mission and our right is to nurture them and to allow them to grow. To follow your dreams takes courage, action, persistence, time and patience, but most of all, you must first believe in them. Believing in your dreams means that you trust your aspirations exist for a reason and the reason is your calling. Believing in your dreams means that you hold true that everything is possible and you can manifest the life and experiences you desire. We know that dreaming is a form of planning. We know that everything we enjoy and appreciate around us – every advancement and contribution to society – developed from the commitment, perseverance, and belief in our dreams.
Don’t clock off from life, you are still standing and that is testament there is more to live. Embrace life.
The danger of a dream is the courage to conquer.
All humans are carrying invisible torchlights directing us to our destinies called our beliefs.
Nothing is going to work out unless you step up and make it happen.
It's still ok to dream with a broken heart.
Self confident is the courage to chase your dream.
Dream as if everything is possible.
Do not get discourage in pursuit of your dreams.
With courage, you can confidently chase your dreams.
Confidently chase your dreams.
Act as if it was and it will be.
With the greatest force within, you can go farther.
The greatest feeling is the fulfillment of dreams.
Persist in the pursuit of your passion.
The only limit to what you can achieve is the limit you set for yourself.
Their doubt is your fuel for dreams. You just have to drive.
Sometimes letting go is not about a lack of faith in God, but a lack in faith that you have it in yourself to pull off the greatest plan he has in store for you.
Healing is that place where we step into 20 seconds of insane courage because we need to either close that door or hold it open. Regardless of the outcome, the truth is what sets you free never the fear of not knowing.
May you have courage to pursue thy dreams.
Confident is the gift of courage.
Don’t give up on yourself, your dreams and your family.
Your dreams become your reality if you have the courage to act on them.
May you have the courage to chase your dreams.
May you find a new strength to reach out for dreams.
The star rises from the east. Watch out! Your star will guide you.
The greatest energy must be use for work.
Abiding in the vine leads to fruit bearing.
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud.
If you want to rebel, rebel from inside the system.That's much more powerful than rebelling outside the system.
Men fear thought as they fear nothing else on earth -- more than ruin, more even than death. Thought is subversive and revolutionary, destructive and terrible, thought is merciless to privilege, established institutions, and comfortable habits; thought is anarchic and lawless, indifferent to authority, careless of the well-tried wisdom of the ages. Thought looks into the pit of hell and is not afraid ... Thought is great and swift and free, the light of the world, and the chief glory of man.
Nobody who says, ‘I told you so’ has ever been, or will ever be, a hero.
He who is brave is free
How do you defeat terrorism? Don’t be terrorized.
It really is something ... that men disapprove even of our doing things that are patently good. Wouldn't it be possible for us just to banish these men from our lives, and escape their carping and jeering once and for all? Couldn't we live without them? Couldn't we earn our living and manage our affairs without help from them? Come on, let's wake up, and claim back our freedom, and the honour and dignity that they have usurped from us for so long. Do you think that if we really put our minds to it, we would be lacking the courage to defend ourselves, the strength to fend for ourselves, or the talents to earn our own living? Let's take our courage into our hands and do it, and then we can leave it up to them to mend their ways as much as they can: we shan't really care what the outcome is, just as long as we are no longer subjugated to them.
Contrary to your beliefs, I am stronger then what you give me credit for, but the real lesson here is the knowledge to know I don't owe you an explanation to anything.
She could just pack up and leave, but she does not visualize what's beyond ahead.
But let it not be said that we did nothing. Let not those who love the power of the welfare/warfare state label the dissenters of authoritarianism as unpatriotic or uncaring. Patriotism is more closely linked to dissent than it is to conformity and a blind desire for safety and security. Understanding the magnificent rewards of a free society makes us unbashful in its promotion, fully realizing that maximum wealth is created and the greatest chance for peace comes from a society respectful of individual liberty.
There is no freedom without bravery.
Today a great shot for freedom was heard. I think it stands a chance of being heard forever. It marls a turning point in the history of the Jewish people. The beginning of the return to a statues of dignity we have not known for two thousand years. Yes, today was the first step back. My battle is done. Now I turn the command over to the soldiers.
So long as we are brave enough to accept the consequences of our actions, no one can take away our freedom of choice.
We have to show these men and women freedom by enslaving them, and show them courage by frightening them.
Tyrants are willing to commit to anything…including mass murder to maintain their domination over every human being alive. They abuse the lives of the people they are entrusted with by the perverse dictates that they, themselves, would never live by. And they feel justified in this by their own self-righteous elite morality, which sets them high above everyone else in their own minds.You and I, however, are made of quite different stuff. Our words are filled with our true beliefs and backed by the honesty of our actions. We take great pride in not only who we are…but overcoming the struggle it took to make us this way. We are men and women of character…principles…and courage!
Home is where I am the least organized, I let go and become the truest version of myself; not because I don't care how I am perceived, rather, I know exactly how I am perceived and that gives me the courage to be carefree
When we discover who we are We will be free
But no matter what happens, I spoke up, made a voice for myself, freed from the haunting memories that have owned me for the last six years. I found my courage.
I walked home with a lighter step, for that night had knocked something loose in me, something long overdue to be knocked. At long last, I saw that group for what they were, with a few exceptions - a queer assortment of layabouts and late risers, most overdrawn at the bank or at least cutting into principal, only interested in who's going in the drawer at the Maidstone Club or their wedge on the fifteenth hole at Pebble Beach or dressing down the staff about a bit of shell in the lobster while shoveling canapés in. Jinx had done me a favor, freed me of any lingering allegiances to New York Society, snipped my fear of being on their bad side.
Jesus never encouraged His friends to cover over the pain in their lives, but to bring it into the light, where healing is found. Sometimes we don't do that because we fear being rejected by others. Yes, rejection may well happen, but bringing the pain to the light is still the best way to live. It will take much courage, but it will bring freedom.
The length of our lives are far shorter then we realise and half of the time when we become aware of such truth, we have lived most of it as someone else.
She was a gypsy, as soon as you unravelled the many layers to her wild spirit she was on her next quest to discover her magic. She was relentless like that, the woman didn't need no body but an open road, a pen and a couple of sunsets.
Socrates is a shining example of a man who bravely lived up to his ideals, and, in the end, bravely died for them. Throughout his life, he never lost faith in the mind’s ability to discern and decide, and so to apprehend and master reality. Nor did he ever betray truth and integrity for a pitiable life of self-deception and semi-consciousness. In seeking relentlessly to align mind with matter and thought with fact, he remained faithful both to himself and to the world, with the result that he is still alive in this sentence and millions of others that have been written about him. More than a great philosopher, Socrates was the living embodiment of the dream that philosophy might one day set us free.
To be secure everywhere is the mark of sophistication. To be unshakeable is the mark of courage. To be permanently in love with every person is the mark of masculinity or femininity. To forgive is the mark of strength. To govern our senses and passions is the mark of freedom.
Timidity is the silent acceptance of bondage
Love the ones who understand you and forget the ones that don't.
I just want to live in a way that either wakes people up or shakes people up. Whether I have opened a wound or opened a heart, I have touched a life and helped bring a change.
Art is my cure to all this madness, sadness and loss of belonging in the world & through it I'll walk myself home.
If anything I urge you to live bravely and beyond your own comfort zone.
Open your mind a little, don't believe everything you hear, see or read, the world is so caught up in trying to avoid the topics that matter that you'll lose yourself trying to become like it.
To be a seed in a world, is to remain safe almost unharmed living within a shell to protect you from the exterior world, what a risk it was to chose to bud and prosper into a little sprout unaware of what you will become, yet fearlessly ready to trust the process along the way.
I can't walk beside you for reasons of my own, but everytime you cross my mind, I send love to you, you know.
Accept where you are, accept what you have, accept who you are ~ do what you can with all of that and let it be enough.
Your mind, it will trick you but your heart, it will not.
Be bold, speak from your heart.
I have outgrown so much, I think at some point we all do ~ we reach a stage in our life where we are forced to make a change, forced to cut friendships, relationships, jobs and places we once called home. At the time, it all feels a little overwhelming nothing stays the same and you have to learn your footing again but I can reassure you once you create the path you wish to walk along, what you left behind won't even matter.
It takes a heck of a lot of courage to stay true to yourself when the world has forgotten it's way.
I am wealth, prosperity, and abundance. God multiplies this and I give thanks I AM receiving more and more money everyday.
She wore her battle scars like wings, looking at her you would never know that once upon a time she forgot how to fly
Accepting necessary conflicts for the sake of improving the lives of children is the only fundamental moral crusade that matters.
Be sure to bend but never break
.. when all this started, I asked myself, 'Am I going to withdraw from the world, like most people do, or am I going to live?' I decided I'm going to live - or at least try to live - the way I want, with dignity, with courage, with humour, with composure.
Nothing is as irritating to a shy man as a confident girl.
Some people’s self-esteem was secretly improved when they discovered that their then-lovers had killed themselves over them.
Courage is indispensible because in politics not life but the world is at stake.
To impart a moral responsibility to exercise fairness in leadership builds greater leaders of strong character.
You are here, alive and awake and for whatever reasons you have fought your battles, it's time to start focusing on what strengths pulled you up when the entire world had knocked you down. That's where the virtue in self grows.
A positive anything however small is something towards your goal. It's better than nothing.
Keep expecting and believing that your due season is coming. Declare that the good you have harvested in your life will manifest.
Wisdom has a hundred eyes to see opportunities, courage has a hundred feet to seek opportunities, and strength has a hundred arms to seize opportunities.
Your mind shines brightest when you enlighten others; your heart, when you encourage others; your soul, when you elevate others; and your life, when you empower others.
If birds did not believe in their ability to fly, the sky would be empty.
There are trials in life that feel as tremendous as a quest to slay dragons. These trials are daunting. They require hard work, determination, and courage. But when the dragon is finally slain, the relief is immense.
In a world full of pebbles dare to be a diamond.
Your scars are unique gems that contain opportunities for both personal growth and to help save the life of someone else. However, you can only realize these when you fully claim who you are. And to fully claim who you are also means recognizing, and taking ownership of the scars that come along with the rest of you.
People should respect those who have the courage to go alone through life.
If you kick a lion when it is down, God help you when it gets up.
When the sails are strong a ship has no reason to fear turbulence.
Whatever is meant for you in the universe shall be given to you. Do not despair.
Ignore your haters. Resist your fears. Embrace your dreams.
It can’t be done,” they told the caterpillar. “It can,” replied the butterfly.
Your deepest scars tell the world of your greatest triumphs.
The beauty all around you is insignificant in comparison to the beauty within you.
Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.
Staying silent is like a slow growing cancer to the soul and a trait of a true coward. There is nothing intelligent about not standing up for yourself. You may not win every battle. However, everyone will at least know what you stood for—YOU.
Courage, sacrifice, determination, commitment, toughness, heart, talent, guts. That's what little girls are made of; the heck with sugar and spice.
She has fought many wars, most internal. The ones that you battle alone, for this, she is remarkable. She is a survivor.
We were still at the age when girls are years older than guy, and the guys grow up by doing their best when the girls need them to.
We are relentless. We don't compromise grace. But when we hunt, we're vicious.
The world is abounding with beauty. You are a demonstration of this.
Men's courage is reflected when he snaps at a women.
Be wise in time. What youth sows, old age must reap....Sow to yourself rather in righteousness: break up your fallow ground, sow not among thorns.
How is it possible to live? Life is so hard?’‘You must be harder than life, Firdaus. Life is very hard. The only people who really live are those who are harder than life itself.’‘But you are not hard, Sharifa, so how do you manage to live?’‘I am hard, terribly hard, Firdaus.’‘No, you are gentle and soft.’‘My skin is soft, but my heart is cruel, and my bite deadly.’‘Like snake?’‘Yes, exactly like a snake. Life is a snake. They are the same, Firdaus. If the snake realises you are not a snake, it will bite you. And if life knows you have no sting, it will devour you.
And it was only then that I realized what I had let myself in for, and only then I realized how bloody thick I had been not to have predicted it. It would seem that the combination of elements--woman, desert, camels, aloneness--hit some soft sport in this era's passionless, heartless, aching psyche. It fired the imaginations of people who seem themselves as alienated, powerless, unable to do anything about a world gone mad. And wouldn't it be my luck to pick just this combination. The reaction was totally unexpected and it was very, very weird. I was now public property. I was now a kind of symbol. I was now an object of ridicule for small-minded sexists, and I was a crazy, irresponsible adventurer (though not as crazy as I would have been had I failed). But worse than all that, I was now a mythical being who had done something courageous and outside the possibilities that ordinary people could hope for. And that was the antithesis of what I wanted to share. That anyone could do anything. If I could bumble my way across a desert, then anyone could do anything. And that was true especially for women, who have used cowardice for so long to protect themselves that it has become a habit.
How is it possible to live? Life is so hard?’‘You must be harder than life, Firdaus. Life is very hard. The only people who really live are those who are harder than life itself.’‘But you are not hard, Sharifa, so how do you manage to live?’‘I am hard, terribly hard, Firdaus.’‘No, you are gentle and soft.’‘My skin is soft, but my heart is cruel, and my bite deadly.’‘Like a snake?’‘Yes, exactly like a snake. Life is a snake. They are the same, Firdaus. If the snake realises you are not a snake, it will bite you. And if life knows you have no sting, it will devour you.
For a moment this day, for many moments this May, let us gape in awe at the strength of women, and look upon their sinewy courage with respect and humility, as the Lord looked on His Mother, and still does. Like Him we are of women born, and to women must pay our first respect, and owe our first love, for they are as strong as the very ribs of the earth.
There is something magical and transformational about saying “yes” to God. When you take His hand, step out of that boat (your ordinary, comfortable life), and be brave. Instead of spending your lifetime living in fear and playing it safe, you boldly walk in obedience. God makes you brave.
Men love pleasure, but women wish for purposeful promise.
The courage to continue before the face of despair is the recognition in those eyes of darkness we find our own night vision. Women blessed with death-eyes are fearless.
It was come as you are when visiting my blog, CiCI's Garden -otherwise what would be the point? Readers were welcomed to a virtual place where emotions were respected and affirmed, and encouragement was offered to those who longed to know that wounded hearts can heal - even if it takes a lifetime.
Women rise up! Speak up. Look up. Within you is all the light the world needs to scare away the darkness that holds it hostage.
I don't have a lot of patience for stories in which women are rescued by men.
Art isn't only a painting. Art is anything that's creative, passionate, and personal. And great art resonates with the viewer, not only with the creator.What makes someone an artist? I don't think is has anything to do with a paintbrush. There are painters who follow the numbers, or paint billboards, or work in a small village in China, painting reproductions. These folks, while swell people, aren't artists. On the other hand, Charlie Chaplin was an artist, beyond a doubt. So is Jonathan Ive, who designed the iPod. You can be an artists who works with oil paints or marble, sure. But there are artists who work with numbers, business models, and customer conversations. Art is about intent and communication, not substances.An artists is someone who uses bravery, insight, creativity, and boldness to challenge the status quo. And an artists takes it personally.That's why Bob Dylan is an artist, but an anonymous corporate hack who dreams up Pop 40 hits on the other side of the glass is merely a marketer. That's why Tony Hsieh, founder of Zappos, is an artists, while a boiler room of telemarketers is simply a scam.Tom Peters, corporate gadfly and writer, is an artists, even though his readers are businesspeople. He's an artists because he takes a stand, he takes the work personally, and he doesn't care if someone disagrees. His art is part of him, and he feels compelled to share it with you because it's important, not because he expects you to pay him for it.Art is a personal gift that changes the recipient. The medium doesn't matter. The intent does.Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another.
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful.
If not us, then who?If not now, then when?
Something did happen to me somewhere that robbed me of confidence and courage and left me with a fear of discovery and change and a positive dread of everything unknown that may occur.
Every revolution was first a thought in one man's mind, and when the same thought occurs to another man, it is the key to that era.
Those who can not adjust to change will be swept aside by it. Those who recognize change and react accordingly will benefit.
Not one country in existence today has had the same borders and government for as long as two hundred years. The world will continue changing.
Life's been one tough little shit, but there's a very obvious reason why she hasn't let me get too comfy, settle too long or sink too deep. She knows she has to kick me in the ass sometimes to get me moving on my journey.
If not now, then when?
Anything can be changed by those who have the courage to blaze their own path.
It is through victims such as myself who still have a voice that the world will change to be a better place.
Dear God, Thank you for waking me up today and for your everlasting love and never ending mercy and for my blessed day ahead.
We cannot properly defend and protect ourselves without confidence. Confidence is vital, we must learn that confidence in life matters a lot.
Some won't stay but thank them for stopping by.
It is senseless to blame others or your environment for your miseries. Change begins from the moment you muster the courage to act. When you change, the environment will change. The power to change the world is found nowhere but within our own life.
And damn it, I should be thinking this through. Normal people can’t leave their job to return a notebook. But this job sucks, and I haven’t taken any vacation time, like, ever. I should seriously be consulting with a lot of different people before jumping in, but that’s never been a strong suit of mine. Because there’s a need in Julienne’s voice that I haven’t heard before, and I have nothing waiting for me here that won’t be there when we get back.
The path to joy and spiritual fulfilment requires the courage to change and grow.
Everything is within your power,and your power is within you.
fear of change is like standing under a hot shower and knowing the moment you'll turn it off you'll be freezing cold
I learned that time manages the most painful partings for us. One has only to set the date, buy the ticket, and let the earth, sun, and moon make their passages through the sky, until inexorable time carries us with it to the moment of parting.
If there is one thing that has made a difference in my life, it is the courage to turn and face what wants to change within me.
The only period where there is lesser competition for opportunities are during times of difficulties.
Change can only stop, if THINKING stops.
Never feel intimidated by defeat nor death, but rather intimidate life with your dreams.
There is so much power in choosing to love yourself against all odds and I hope with every kind of painful experience you become more aware who you are and what you are truly capable of. Life hurts but it's also remarkabley beautiful if you look past the chaos.
If you compose your dreams into a music, then your dreams will become the music you will always love to sing.
One day I was through Strachan’s Corner just hanging out, and they must have picked up Scrooge earlier for a pep talk, so they were now dropping him back home in one of their police vehicle. Supt. Strachan was in the back seat talking with him, while a male officer was driving. So I asked her, what were some of the things you used to say to Scrooge? I used to tell him it is not worth it, You are hurting people. You are only going to end up in jail for the rest of your life, or you are going to end up in the grave. I knew that he was listening to me. I would talk to him and encourage him. My other colleagues used to say I was soft on crime because of what I was doing, but I could be tuff. I am a mother of two sons; just ask my sons how tuff I can be. If I feel that I have done the best that I can, and cannot do no more than that is it. This was what I was telling those kids down there.I told them if you do not change, you are going to die. Sad to say, that is what happened to some of them eventually. The best came out of you and others in another way. Supt. Allerdyce Strachan, the first female officer to rise to the rank of superintendent on the Royal Bahamas Police Force.
Faith is the leverage we need to liberate us from the shackles of unbelief.
You can't stop Greatness; you can only try to delay it. And when you try to delay it, it just gets Greater because it gains new strength.
My instinct is saying its not over, but your adamant it is, what do I trust?
It takes more courage to disturb the neighborhood than it takes to disturb the universe. And the price is often higher.
Our call to action is to be in the flow of life, accepting life as it is and as it comes. We must allow life to be life in all its impermanent grandeur. Nothing remains the same, and those who fight change, or are in denial of it, create chaos within their own lives and the lives of those they have influence over.
You have to accept the situation to be able to change it.
As long as your work remains unwritten in your head, it has no effect on anyone. Except you. And not in a good way. Once you let your idea out of the hermetically sealed vault of your brain and out into the fresh air, it will immediately start to evolve. The minute you get it down on a piece of paper, it will change.And once you let it out of the house — once someone else gets to experience it — everything is changed.You are changed. The project is changed. The audience is changed.That’s the alchemy of art.
The empty spaces of your soul are the ones you search for, pray for and want so desperately to be filled. They are also the spaces that will never be filled, until you are ready to do something you have never done.
How could we forget those ancient myths that stand at the beginning of all races, the myths about dragons that at the last moment are transformed into princesses? Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage.
Nonviolence is only for the brave men and women of the world because it requires courage – courage to love the beauty of life, beauty of humanity and the beauty of the world.
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
The ugliest thing in the world is a beautiful woman without the brains or courage to know that [beauty] is nothing more than an accident.
Aristocracy's only an admission that certain traits which we call fine - courage and honor and beauty and all that sort of thing - can best be developed in a favorable environment, where you don't have the warpings of ignorance and necessity.
When you were in a room with Kurtis James, whether it was one or a hundred other people, Kurtis seemed to be the only one there
Theologians talk about a prevenient grace that precedes grace itself and allows us to accept it. I think there must also be a prevenient courage that allows us to be brave - that is, to acknowledge that there is more beauty than our eyes can bear, that precious things have been put into our hands and to do nothing to honor them is to do great harm. And therefore, this courage allows us, as the old men said, to make ourselves useful. It allows us to be generous, which is another way of saying exactly the same thing.
I am the bended, but not broken. I am the power of the thunderstorm. I am the beauty in the beast. I am the strength in weakness. I am the confidence in the midst of doubt. I am Her!
Every new star that is found in the sky will lend of its rays to the passions, and thoughts, and the courage, of man. Whatever of beauty we see in all that surrounds us, within us already is beautiful; whatever we find in ourselves that is great and adorable, that do we find too in others.
If you feel your value lies in being merely decorative, I fear that someday you might find yourself believing that’s all that you really are. Time erodes all such beauty, but what it cannot diminish is the wonderful workings of your mind: Your humor, your kindness, and your moral courage. These are the things I cherish so in you. I so wish I could give my girls a more just world. But I know you’ll make it a better place. - Marmee
There needs but so little to encourage beauty in our soul; so little to awaken the slumbering angels; or perhaps is there no need of awakening --- it is enough that we lull them not to sleep. It requires more effort to fall, perhaps, than to rise. Can we, without putting constraint upon ourselves, confine our thoughts to everyday things at times when the sea stretches before us, and we are face to face with the night? And what soul is there but knows that it is ever confronting the sea, ever in presence of an eternal night?
Prayer beautifies you
I like life, it's wonderous and chaotic and somewhere in the middle I've created a safe place to do my thing in the world ~ I can't ask for much more & I am already so thankful when everything I got
I guess it's human nature to question yourself, to question why all the pain has had to happen? sometimes there isn't any answers it just is what it is and how we make ourselves feel and see through that, is what will determine how we move forward.
You are beautiful! Like the dew on rose petals, your beauty glistens and shines. Like the raindrops on eyelids, your beauty, forever defined. For those that can see you, they find beauty so rare. For those that receive you, find love in your care. Forever beautiful, Yes you are. You are beautiful!
But God is the God of the waves and the billows, and they are still His when they come over us; and again and again we have proved that the overwhelming thing does not overwhelm. Once more by His interposition deliverance came. We were cast down, but not destroyed.
I know that life is a doorway to eternity, and yet my heart so often gets lost in petty anxieties. It forgets the great way home that lies before it.
It was strictly forbidden to preach to other prisoners. It was understood that whoever was caught doing this received a severe beating. A number of us decided to pay the price for the privilege of preaching, so we accepted their [the communists' ] terms. It was a deal; we preached and they beat us. We were happy preaching. They were happy beating us, so everyone was happy.
How can we expect fate to let a righteous cause prevail when there is hardly anyone who will give himself up undividedly to a righteous cause?
God remains the same—faithful, loving and powerful—through changes big and small.
I began realizing it was okay to just sit with Him instead of always reading and journaling prayers or hustling off to the next bible study. It was okay to just be still. It was possible to find Him in the immense stillness, the hidden parts of my heart. He was always there in my hiddenness.
Saul wanted to destroy his best warrior, David, instead of helping David destroy his real enemies. Lesson: The very person you are fighting against may be your greatest asset.
If I can somehow focus on the pain of not focusing on my pain, I will soon find that pain healed simply because I forced myself to do the exact opposite of what my core humanity demanded I do…I sought to heal the pain of someone else instead.
God is love. Love is of God. Whoever loves is of God.
if you really want to understand the real fear of God, ponder over Joseph with Potiphar's wife in the secret place; think about Abraham on his arduous errand to sacrifice Isaac without the knowledge of Sarah ; understand the urgency Jesus Christ attached to His work and His eagerness to do His Fathers will; appreciate the courage with which Shadrach Meshach and Abednego stood against all odds and also remember Daniel in the Lions Den.
Perfect faith casts out all fears.
The grace of endurance is the great power of God at work within us.
In the strength of God, you can crush any army
God continue to rescue us from mortal sufferings.
Faith gives self-confidence and self-courage and strength.
May the Lord‘s purpose for my life be fulfilled in Jesus name. Amen.
Let us embrace the coming year with a living hope for everyday life.
Jehovah-Jireh is a Great provider. Even in times of famine, we have enough to eat.
May my thanksgiving be my prayer.
You ought to forgive others. Sometimes, the dark deed of others is due to inner struggles and fears. With your shining light and kind deeds, you will help them to turn to the light.
Whatever is within your limit, do it to lift the souls of humankind.
Renew your mind with the word of God.
If you begin reading your Bible daily, you will develop a positive mindset, positive attitude and positive action.
Christmas united us as holy beings. We experience love, joy and peace.
We are empowered by God to overcome every adversity.
Be strong in spirit.
Forgiveness brings healing.
In everyday life, a blessed act of saying ‘hello, a smile, word of encouragement…’ can uplift someone spirit.
The divinity within is an endless strength.
A life of faith is an enduring sacred-existence.
Faith gives us strength.Grace gives us power.Hope gives us anchor.
To get power is to pray.
The grace of living life is to give glory to God.
Without adversity, we will not have seen the sweetness of God’s splendid.
O Lord, Thy Word, gives me hope.
Enjoy the times of plentiful and endure the times of scarcity.
May your soul revive, rekindle and rejoice.
Gratitude is glory to God.
You ought to pray, read and mediate on word of God. These acts lead to the greatest spiritual awaken.
To will and to do are by grace.
Those who trust and hope in the Lord, will forever be happy.
God’s manifest His mighty power, when we absolute depend on Him.
The Creator seeks to save the lost souls.
What we believe in our heart, we must declare with our mouth.
You can have regret from yesterday, fear tomorrow, but peace today by sharing your heart’s deepest feelings. A life spent being fearful of showing your soul is a life not worth living.
I came to the Greeks early, and I found answers in them. Greece's great men let all their acts turn on the immortality of the soul. We don't really act as if we believed in the soul's immortality and that's why we are where we are today.
She never allowed the external world to change her soul, that was her magic.
In a crowded room my soul would still feel it's way to you. All we need to do is thank fate for putting us there.
He looked into her eyes and said "When everything falls apart, and the day my soul refuses to move any further, I'll come back home. A home that fills me with courage and love. My home neither has doors and nor windows, All it have is walls. The walls that beat every second. And it has a pair of eyes too. Through which I can see this world more beautifully than I ever did".
We are discouraged, when we fail to nourish the soul with its spiritual food.
Give yourself permission to let it hurt but also allow yourself the permission to let it heal.
If you would see a man's heart, knock him down. Then observe how he rises. If you would see his soul, do it a thousand times more.
Every breathing soul longs to overcome.
I make art when I can't gather the words to say.
I lost a lot of people when I found myself.
Have you ever met someone for the first time but feel like you've known them all your life, a sense of déjàvu and synchronicity wrapped into one little motherf*cking mystery to untangle the way our lives are ruled by logic. I have and my life has never been the same since.
My body's been touched a thousand or more times but I am craving something so much deeper than that ~ I desire to be felt, right down to the core of my soul and the corners of my heart. That's what love is about isn't it ~ cracking yourself open to the possibility that it could change your life.
If this world always made sense and there wasn't the gloomy dark nights that awakened your soul, you would never grow ~ you would never become, nor seek greater version of yourself.
I don't care what anyone says, the stars give you hope on a dark and gloomy night.
If your heart is conflicted, teach it to be unrestricted.
Seeked of self love.
Every soul is a soul. It is the motives, deeds and actions that define the personality of each soul.
Sufferings lead a man to his soul.
Keep seeking the spirituality of thy soul.
In deep suffering, I got to know divinity within my soul.
Seek to know your sacred soul.
Do not forget to care for your body, soul and spirit.
The truth shall set your soul free.
Seek the truth.
Walk the path your heart beats faster on.
Our hearts speak the same language but more importantly our souls share the same voice.
A loving heart, determination, faith, courage, trust, belief, truth, and a solid soul create the wings with which we fly.
And then she learnt to be a little wild she had to be a little less afraid.
Every great soul was inspired by another great soul.
Let me be strong, for to be anything else is to languish in the abyss of compromise and to descend to places of impoverishment so destitute that they will squelch my soul and crush my heart.
Have faith, let go, and gravitate towards.
A vibrant body, a radiant mind, a loving heart, and an honorable life.
Miracles happens everyday. You have to open your heart, mind and soul to see these miraculous encounters.
Isn't bravery always sort of beautiful?
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be.
Be with a leader when he is right, stay with him when he is still right, but, leave him when he is wrong.
Tend to the people, and they will tend to the business.
Without courage, it doesn't matter how good the leader's intentions are.
It was not only that he was a great man, but, oh, there was such fun in being led by him.
Why seek help when you can become the help! Why wish for miracle when you can become the miracle! You are a God O brave-heart – never forget that. Have faith – not in an imaginary monkey up there – but in the powers vested in you by Mother Nature.
A hero takes steps with the vision of bringing what is beyond the eyes of mere men into reality for them to come to a certain realization. A hero opens doors for the eyes of mere men to see things inside the closed doors and ponder, learn lessons and think of different actions! A hero faces challenges in an overcoming manner with a certain charisma that surpasses the understanding of mere men! To be a hero, one needs a certain gut! It is not as if heroes don’t hit the rock bottom, never! Heroes meet big problems, but big problems and challenges are what defines heroism, and even if heroes are unable to arrest and cripple all the challenges they meet, they must never be discredited for their awesome ingenuity that brought awe, became a yardstick, natured minds, provoked thoughts and caused the envy of mere men to shake, gave people reasons to reason, showed people the essence of life, cleared the path for people to take their journey, and epitomized true heroism! Heroes die after they have blazed the trail! Heroes retire after they have done something unique and unthinkable! Heroes are heroes, regardless of their slips or the big or small things they could never do as heroes, for most times heroes die as heroes whilst challenging the unthinkable challenges! Even if all people don’t see and acknowledge the heroism of a hero, heroes see, feel and understand what it really takes to be a hero! A hero is a hero! Don’t ever undermine heroism!
A world without heroes is just an empty world! A world without heroes is just a world without great stories! There are heroes, and there are heroes! A hero takes steps with the vision of bringing what is beyond the eyes of mere men into reality for them to come to a certain realization. A hero opens doors for the eyes of mere men to see things inside the closed doors and ponder, learn lessons and think of different actions! A hero faces challenges in an overcoming manner with a certain charisma that surpasses the understanding of mere men! To be a hero, one needs a certain gut! It is not as if heroes don’t hit the rock bottom, never! Heroes meet big problems, but big problems and challenges are what define heroism, and even if heroes are unable to arrest and cripple all the challenges they meet, they must never be discredited for their awesome ingenuity that brought awe, became a yardstick, natured minds, provoked thoughts and caused the envy of mere men to shake, gave people reasons to reason, showed people the essence of life, cleared the path for people to take their journey, and epitomized true heroism! Heroes die after they have blazed the trail! Heroes retire after they have done something unique and unthinkable! Heroes are heroes, regardless of their slips or the big or small things they could never do as heroes, for most times heroes die as heroes whilst challenging the unthinkable challenges! Even if all people don’t see and acknowledge the heroism of a hero, heroes see, feel and understand what it really takes to be a hero! A hero is a hero! Don’t ever undermine heroism!
Be Gods and make Gods.
Everyone appears to be courageous until bad weathers arrive, and then we know the true leaders.
When dark situations arise, it is opportunity for you to reveal the leader in you. Rise and deal with them.
Leaders face battles. They don’t run away from troubles.
Not every gift must you stretch your hands to take! Sometimes, just put your hands by your side and humbly and courageously say thank you!
My first grade nun had instructed me that from those to whom much is given, much is expected. I was learning that this lesson had to be combined with Shakespeare's wisdom that one must 'to thine own self be true.' Add to this humility, empathy, a sense of curiosity, courage, and plain old hard work, and I was finally seeing the real path to leadership. Of course, humor is always a plus. (158)
Sacrifice everything that is yours, to call up the humans in others.
O my mighty sisters and brothers, forget not that the ideal of humanity is the search of truth. In this pursuit, countless souls have sacrificed themselves in the past. And in this pursuit, countless more shall need to sacrifice themselves.
Arise O lion-heart! Awake, O great soldier! Misery has come upon the world. It is wailing for help. It is wailing for redemption. Won’t you do anything, my friend!
The reason most of your staff are asleep and disengaged, is because you have boring, and bully managers, and no REAL Leaders to inspire and unleash potential.
To ENSURE greater success, celebrate your progess daily.
Fear based mindsets see challenges as problems, that are dangerous and impossible. Courageous Mindsets see problems as challenges, that are possible and exciting.
Impossible is a perception based upon a limiting mental illusion. Possible is the belief in the potential of unseen possibility,
REAL success, satisfaction and joy has nothing to do with owning STUFF!
The right mindset is the most powerful force we can use to positively change the world.
Courage is the belief in self, and the possible ability to prevail in the face of adversity.
To go from Bitter to BETTER, means you need to turn your I onto an E, by embracing WE.
Developing ALL staff to their fullest potential, on a daily basis, is the most powerful and humane approach, to building a high-performance organisation, that positively changes the world.
Bad Culture is the contaminated oxygen your staff breath, as they get indoctrinated by your limiting context.
Culture is the constant constraint that controls creativity, commitment, collaboration, and cohesion.
REAL Leadership is the building of belief, that activates and aligns the full potential, for a meaningful cause
Appreciation and recognition are qualities that most leaders forget, but desperately need, to build a positive, passionate and engaged workplace.
A Culture of clear consistent communication and connection is the foundation of a high performance team that thrives and flourishes.
High Performance Teams create cultures of caring, connection, commitment, collaboration and clear consistent communication
Your UNconscious mind has more power, influence and control over your thoughts, feelings, decisions, and choices, than your conscious mind.
Most people are interested in success, but not COMMITTED to success, which is why 85%+ of people seldom achieve their desired level of success.
Limitless Leadership is the secret ingredient that helps common people, create high performance teams, that achieve outstanding and uncommon results.
Hope is the spotlight that shines on the mine fields of possibility
A High Performance team requires people with High Performance Mindsets, with relevant competence, committed and balanced communication, to a meaningful and challenging goal.
Whom the society deems worthless, once they discover their special inclination, it will change the very course of their lives as well as the shape of the very society that distastes them.
Awake, O brave one! Arise, O lion-heart! Be the messenger that spreads compassion.
Think of strength, dream of strength, live of strength.
Rephrase the words "staff members" into team members. Because the people in our team are far more than employees, or colleagues. We are a unit!
It is better to apologise later than to ask for permission now. It is called self leadership
They'll tell you who they think you should be they'll even try to manipulate you into believing it but let me tell you something son, if I listened to who I was supposed to be - this, everything we are and do wouldn't be in existence. Be a leader, find yourself and make a life with it. Those who judge you and try to force the patterns of their beliefs onto you are envious they haven't the strength in themselves to do the same.
I don't need to be vocal about my intentions, I am just intentional about my actions.
Allowing yourself to follow the crevices of your heart lines is a messy process and not easy to characterize or rationalize into neat and tidy lists and boxes.
Courageous people know that old ways of doing things shouldn’t stand in the way of a better solution.
Your superpowers don't care who you dislike. If you are an encourager, you encourage them anyway
Don't apologize for expressing passion.Don't back down when it comes to your integrity.Don't let anyone undermine your standards for the sake of ease.Be a character of excellence, NOT excuses.
Ideas love speed
Gratitude was never a noun; it's secretly a verb. It is not a place you accept defeat, settle in for broken dreams or call it the best life will get. Gratitude is getting out of laziness, self pity, denial and insecurity, in order to walk through that door God has been holding open for you this entire time.
There is a thin line of difference in being courageous and foolish!
You can continue to cry over the same pain & complain about the same situations or you can expand your mind and you can grow. Maybe im not alone when I say, sometimes we all get a little confused and feel like we owe it to the people and places to try harder when in reality, most of the time lessons become lifelong if we don't learn the art of peaceful detachment early in the game.
When you make up your mind that you want to be Great, you have to learn about the Great people of the past, the Great people who changed the world, and the Great people of each respective category of absolutely everything you can think of. You have to saturate your mind in greatness. You literally have to get a degree in it. Greatness is a journey into those who have come before you. ‪
The elegance under pressure is the result of fearlessness.
When efforts that are wisely executed, the situation and condition don't affect the performance.
A true leader must have enough backbone to stand alone, even when the crowd wants to take the easy road home. A true leader cannot be dependent on companionship for his or her security, but must learn to trust in God alone. Singleness can give us the kind of backbone - courage, confidence, and leadership skills that an effective Christian must learn.
What differentiates victors and victims are visions and vigor. Victims won't get the vim to step out of their situations.
Leaders are optimistic. When you walk with leaders, the spirit of hope will ramble around you and you will feel like “yes, I can break barriers with few blows.
The courageous attitude of a leader awakens the dormant attitude of followers. The dormant attitude of a leader weakens the passionate attitude of followers. Leadership determines everything.
You will never overcome your self righteousness if you continue to believe that God prefers you over other people. The moment you feel entitled is the moment you feel superior and distance yourself from a humble heart that believes God knows what he is doing.
David was at his best in group settings, soldier enough to join in the raucous jests, king enough to make it matter that he remembered some moments of bravery or sacrifice, and praised each man accordingly.
My dear Gorgas,Instead of being simply satisfied to make friends and draw your pay, it is worth doing your duty, to the best of your ability, for duty’s sake; and in doing this, while the indolent sleep, you may accomplish something that will be of real value to humanity. Your good friend, ReedDr. Walter Reed encouraging Dr. William Gorgas who went on to make history eradicating Yellow Fever in Havana, 1902 and Panama, 1906, liberating the entire North American continent from centuries of Yellow Fever epidemics.
The common goal of leaders is to increase the value and productivity of people. Leaders inspire others to do better than they would have done when not inspired.
A person who is truly cool is a work of art. And remember, original works of art cost exponentially higher than imitations. Just take a look at the the coolest people in history. They will always be a part of history for being extremely original individuals, not imitations.
Seek a man that doesn't ask you to prove your love. Seek a man that will prove God's love.
Tough times don't last always. Your hard times are there to shape you and develop your character. It causes you to become more aware of life and you develop an attitude of gratitude. Don't lose hope because it gets better.
Fear punches holes in your eyes so that you don't see the future clearly. Faith enlarges your vision to behold your destiny.
Sometimes the reason God doesn't show up to win your battles is because he already put inside of you the power to end it.
Great leadership has more to do with character, courage, and conviction than it does with specific skills or competencies.
Take the high road. People will rise up to join you or fall out of sight.
The only principle which will make you more content, less bitter is to live a life that has "Less excuses, more results. Less distraction, more focus. Less me, more we. Live with "Gratitude" not with "Greytitude
Any goal, no matter what size, can be achieved if it is tackled with courage, initiative, perseverance, and integrity.
Remember: It costs nothing to encourage an artist, and the potential benefits are staggering. A pat on the back to an artist now could one day result in your favorite film, or the cartoon you love to get stoned watching, or the song that saves your life. Discourage an artist, you get absolutely nothing in return, ever.
For a pregnant woman to give birth, she's gotta feel the pain of pulling a watermelon out of her nostril. For an Artist to create a masterpiece, he's gotta feel the pain of pulling entire galaxies out of his ass.
Writing is hard. Writing that is good, writing that is powerful enough to evoke a change or an authentic emotion or even just an idea in another human being is about as mysterious as an alchemical recipe, but there are a few known ingredients. Craft? Yes, absolutely. Devotion? A load - yes! Humility? Not vital, I suppose, but all my favorites include at least a dash. Before those can be added to the cauldron though, you must have a base of Honesty. Honesty is difficult to find in public spaces these days (and getting harder every goddamn day) but if you're quiet, and patient, you can usually find some hidden in your room somewhere. (It helps to turn off the lights, for some reason.) Problem is, Honesty is invariably bound to Vulnerability and the only thing that cuts the bitterness of Vulnerability is Courage. And Courage? Well. Courage is the hardest thing of all.
I have never found a book that stressed the importance of myself as a caretaker of my ability, of staying healthy mentally and physically, or that gave me an inkling that my courage might be strained to the utmost.
Spend one more day in pursuit of art that only you can produce, and somewhere, someone is envying your courage to do just that.
In those glorious moments when someone sees, really sees, your art and bothers to tell you so, relish it!
Better a fallen rocket than never a burst of light. Dante reserved a place in his Inferno for those who wilfully live in sadness - sullen in the sweet air, he says. Your 'honour' is all shame and timidity and compliance. Pure of stain! But the artist is the secret criminal in our midst. He is the agent of progress against authority. you are right to be a scholar. A scholar is all scruple, an artist is none. The artist must lie, cheat, deceive, be untrue to nature and contemptuous of history. I made my life into my art and it was an unqualified success. The blaze of my immolation threw its light into every corner of the land where uncounted young men sat each in his own darkness. What would I have done in Megara!? - think what I would have missed! I awoke the imagination of the century. I banged Ruskin's and Pater's heads together, and from the moral severity of one and the aesthetic soul of the other I made art a philosophy that can look the twentieth century in the eye. I had genius, brilliancy, daring, I took charge of my own myth. I dipped my staff into the comb of wild honey. I tasted forbidden sweetness and drank the stolen waters. I lived at the turning point of the world where everything was waking up new - the New Drama, the New Novel, New Journalism, New Hedonism, New Paganism, even the New Woman. Where were you when all this was happening?
Timid young artists, adding parental fears to their own, often give up their sunny dreams of artistic careers, settling into the twilight world of could-have-beens and regrets.
I create beautiful art, so I can look back on the life my body fell short of in such a way that it brings me peace.
Paint the sky of life with colors that only you can create!
Vulnerability is the essence of romance. It's the art of being uncalculated, the willingness to look foolish, the courage to say, 'This is me, and I'm interested in you enough to show you my flaws with the hope that you may embrace me for all that I am but, more important, all that I am not.
What is always needed in the appreciation of art, or life, is the larger perspective. Connections made, or at least attempted, where none existed before, the straining to encompass in one's glance at the varied world the common thread, the unifying theme through immense diversity, a fearlessness of growth, of search, of looking, that enlarges the private and the public world. And yet, in our particular society, it is the narrowed and narrowing view of life that often wins
Allow the courage to create overwhelmed you.
We encounter many sacred souls while reading.
Encourage your children to read more and watch television less.
A wise woman knows when to stay silent. However, a wiser woman of faith knows that sometimes words can win the battle, when all odds stand against her.
Begin again as often as you need to in order to stay on track spiritually...
The spirit of life, the spirit of peace.
Courage is the most important spiritual quality.
Dancing ignite a blissful body, soul and spirit.
Nurture your divine strength.
Be careful which spirit you allow to dwell in your body. It is better to allow good spirit.
We must seek spirituality above all things.
You must hunger for spiritual food.
God gives strength for every spiritual adventure.
You can see clearly in a sacred dawn of light.
Be the light in every dark corner.
Seek the sacred light.
The land of delight is holy sanctuary.
Love is force of being.
You are Timeless Being and Awareness...You are not touched by any of this.
Sight is seeing what's there, vision is seeing what's possible
I love people who are honest, honest about everything. People who would bare their souls and say things like "I did it because I was Jealous.", "I made a mistake, not that I was unconscious of what I was doing but I lost control " , instead of covering it up with reasons.This kind of honesty takes a lot of "Courage" - since it involves admitting your flaws, both, to yourself and others."Intelligence" - Since it involves diving deep within, into the true reasons behind your actions, and "A Big Heart" - Since it involves acceptingthose flaws.
Knowing the truth is so minuscule compared to having the nerve to say it...and even more to live it.
We can do away with ignorance, if we take it upon ourselves to encourage each other to use our intelligence.
The best people are always the worst. They drive everyone mad by being so good at second-guessing everything bad.
If you're not a smart worker, it's about how hard you work double the amount from the heart; if you're not a hard worker, it's about how smart you work but times two from the brain.
He, who fails to acknowledge and appreciate the real courage of our fathers, fails to appreciate the real lessons that the courage of our fathers teaches us today! The courage and the wisdom that propelled our fathers to move unrelentingly in their days must be nothing to us, but, a real reason for us to be more than courageous enough to do the undone distinctively in our days.
Many think that the mark of a great champion is the nature and margin of their victories and the peaks they scale and reach. That’s only part of it. The mark of the greatest of champions is how they react and respond to defeat. That is when they become enshrined in our hearts and minds – as they rise again and into the immortal pages of history.
The greatest literature is the Biblical stories.
Upon reading, great stories by Great Spirits, the glorious inspiration penetrated our soul; we can’t help but to shed tears. It was a soul soothing and a deep spiritual awaken.
Stop explaining to others, people will only understand from their level of discernment.
Fear is the most prodigious enemy of our soul
Respect is reverence out of love, Fear is reverence out of hate.Choose Wisely
Great occasions do not make heroes or cowards; they simply unveil them to the eyes of men. Silently and perceptibly, as we wake or sleep, we grow strong or weak; and last some crisis shows what we have become.
It takes great courage to open one's heart and mind to the tremendous injustice and suffering in our world.
What can bombs know of the illuminated fields so golden with heaven in your heart’s sacred lands?
Without strength, can we work to create wealth?
Man is not merely born to make money. But to fulfill his mission.
Nothing can touch the human heart like kindness.
Happiness is largely about being socially connected, yet we cannot be connected if we keep on being so hard and unforgiving towards ourselves and on the scars we wear inside.
And then one day you realise that if you want to be rich, you'd have to give away almost everything you own.
Imagination is the connecting line that connects humanity to the other realm to tap from its abundance.
Worry notif you are in darknessand the void sucks you in further.This is not the place we go to die.It’s where we are bornand our stories begin.
You can disagree but do not fight.
Traumatic events destroy the sustaining bonds between individual and community. Those who have survived learn that their sense of self, of worth, of humanity, depends upon a feeling of connection with others. The solidarity of a group provides the strongest protection against terror and despair, and the strongest antidote to traumatic experience. Trauma isolates; the group re-creates a sense of belonging. Trauma shames and stigmatizes; the group bears witness and affirms. Trauma degrades the victim; the group exalts her. Trauma dehumanizes the victim; the group restores her humanity.Repeatedly in the testimony of survivors there comes a moment when a sense of connection is restored by another person’s unaffected display of generosity. Something in herself that the victim believes to be irretrievably destroyed---faith, decency, courage---is reawakened by an example of common altruism. Mirrored in the actions of others, the survivor recognizes and reclaims a lost part of herself. At that moment, the survivor begins to rejoin the human commonality...
If you are not willing to stand up for anything or anybody, then why should the Creator take a single step to help you?
In the future, each of us must have the courage to follow our gift or to be engaged in a favorite occupation, even if it does not bring you any income at the moment
Be courageous to live any work which had not given you any satisfaction
Fantasy, an unflagging optimism is necessary for a writer at all stages of this rough game. A kind of madness is therefore necessary, when there is every logical reason for a state of depression and discouragement. Perhaps the fact that I can react with utter gloom to this is what keeps me from being psychotic and keeps me merely neurotic. I am doing quite a good day's work today. But I am also aware of the madness that actually sustains me, and I am not made more comfortable or happy by it.
Be robust enough to work more than a robot!
If an act is not one of work or courage, then it is not an act of love. There are no exceptions.
But I weren't no quitter No wolf nor bear just gives up when they get beat or hungry. You ever seen a bear jump off a cliff 'cause life handed him a few rough draws? No, you haven't. The wild keeps going till it don't have strength in its muscles and bones. The wild doesn't give up; it's forever, and so was I.
When you connect with nature, you will create yourself.
Only the brave men and women can bring peace to the world, not by practicing war but by practicing nonviolence.
Love is our strength to overcome the evils of the world.
Any coward can be a peacekeeper! In fact, that comes to one naturally. But they are blessed, the peacemakers...and all those who know the difference.
Peace made him bold; his life was in God's hands, and there it would always stay. 'The Lord is my helper; I will not fear. What can man do to me?
Peace is simple, but it takes great courage to be simple and walk the path of peace.
It is easy to conform, but it takes great courage to stand up for peace.
Our daily gratitude shapes our everyday attitude.
Words have power, and when you speak you give them life. Speak into the atmosphere. Speak into existence what you believe, desire, dream, and hope.
You don't have to live in anyone's shadow. Allow your unique characteristics to shine forth and Illuminate your way.
Forgive and be compassionate with another in love, in peace and in faith.
Mourn with those are sorrowful.
Be at peace with yourself and everyone. It is the greatest inner strength.
The greatest strength are rooted in love, joy, peace, patient, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self control.
May we reach out to one another in love, in faith and in kindness.
The greatest thing we can do is love another.
In life,You can either play the hand you've been dealt or decide to fold. Just remember that you are not alone in this journey of life. People experience hardships all the time. You learn from those difficult moments and become stronger.
We are sisters. We are brothers. We are family.
If you possess a gentle spirit will move mountains.
Man will tell woman he will die for her, but I say, tell woman that you will die for her both physically and interior
Human complexity can be conquered with calmness.
You ought to welcome troubled-souls with your peaceful-spirit.
Speaking a painful truth should be done only in love - like wielding a sword with no hilt - it should pain oneself in direct proportion to the amount of force exerted.
You never know what people live through. Be kind to all people.
We are in the world to complement each other.
Be courageous! First win the fear of failure to win the game of life.
Your courage to take a risk and your ability to accept responsibility will define you.
The fear of failure is worse than the failure itself. So be bold and courageous.
It takes courage to fail.
Don’t fear challenges. They often give us the opportunity to strengthen our courage, faith, and inner strength.
Never pray for life to be easier, but pray for courage to go on and still enjoy every moment of beauty.
Be an encourager not a pacifier.
Bravery is the ability to endure, even unto death, all types of terrible, terrifying and painful situations and we live in a time when people do all that they can to avoid hardship and pain, never realizing that strength and courage is found in both.
You couldn't save your mom because you weren't strong enough to do so. As for me, I couldn't stand and face the titan because I simply didn't have the courage! Forgive me... Forgive me.
Words can hurt, but words can also inspire.
You have to get hurt . That is how you learn . The strongest people out there , the ones who laugh the hardest , those are the people who have fought the toughest battles . But they've decided longback , they're not going to let anything down . They are showing the world who's the boss here
Remember: God's grief at the unspeakable things we do to one another is beyond measuring, but so is His mercy. It might seem a terrible thing to say to people who've lost and suffered so much at the hands of hatred and violence. But true courage is not to hate our enemy, any more than to fight and kill him. To love him, to love in the teeth of his hate—that is real bravery. That ought to earn people m-m-medals.
For a long time I spent my weary days in a fog of what might be and what has been and I guess you could say im still learning how to accept what is.
Always – but especially when suffering - surround yourself with those who inspire you to lose yourself more honestly, to love others more thoroughly, to live life more fully, and to trust God more wholly. Huddle with those who care for you and those who are exemplary in their encouragement, patience and understanding of others. Hang out with those who strive to put God and faith at their center. Pray for peers, friends and mentors who will not only encourage you to be your best independent, strong, and vulnerable self all at the same time – but also sincerely humble. Pray that their angel dust will transcend you when even the smallest flecks of their contagious warmth and permeating beauty fall upon you. Then ever pray that you may have the opportunity to likewise ease and nurture others in such authentic ways; thus honing such a charitable, other-oriented nature of your own, – a miraculous healing balm – a buffer of pain if there ever was one. Know this is the most powerful antidote for fear and sorrow; the most effective – and addictive – cure-all known in all of creation; an elixir for that otherwise, elusive kind of happiness – the kind that weathers, endures and remains in all seasons and conditions.
The most painful moments and memories eventually lead to the greatest strengths and growth in life.
Winning cannot become your habit unless defeats have torn you apartand you sit in the battle field stitching back yourselfone piece at a timelaughing in the faces of all defeats.
Love has no fear, willing to take on anyone. But how much we fear love!
Do not allow the fear of hurting stop you from loving.
Forgiveness heals any brokenness in the heart.
How about when you feel as if you are at a treacherous crossing, facing an area of life that hasn’t even been on the map until recently. Suddenly there it is, right in front of you.And so the time and space in between while you first get over the shock of it, and you have to figure out WHAT must be done feels excruciating. It’s a nightmare you can’t awaken from. You might remember this time as a kind of personal D-day, as in damage, devastation, destruction, damnation, desolation – maybe a difficult divorce, or even diagnosis of some formidable disease. These are the days of our lives that whole, beautiful chapters of life go up in flames. And all you can do is watch them burn. Until you feel as though you are left only with the ashes of it all. It is at this moment you long for the rescue and relief that only time can provide. It is in this place, you must remember that in just 365 days – you're at least partially healed self will be vastly changed, likely for the better. Perhaps not too unlike a caterpillar’s unimaginable metamorphosis.Better. Stronger. Wiser. Tougher. Kinder. More fragile, more firm, all at the same time as more free. You will have gotten through the worst of it – somehow. And then it will all be different. Life will be different. You will be different. It might or might not ever make sense, but it will be more bearable than it seems when you are first thrown, with no warning, into the kilns of life with the heat stoked up – or when you get wrapped up, inexplicably, through no choice of your own, in a dark, painfully constricting space. Go ahead, remind yourself as someone did earlier, who was trying miserably to console you. It will eventually make you a better, stronger person. How’d they say it? More beautiful on the inside…It really will, though. That’s the kicker. Even if, in the hours of your agony, you would have preferred to be less beautiful, wise, strong, or experienced than apparently life, fate, your merciless ex, or a ruthless, biological, or natural enemy that has attacked silently, and invisibly - has in mind for you. As will that which your God feels you are capable of enduring, while you, in your pitiful anguish, are yet dubious of your own ability to even endure, not alone overcome.I assure you now, you will have joy and beauty, where there was once only ashes. In time. Perhaps even more than before. It’s so hard to imagine and believe it when it’s still fresh, and so, so painful. When it hurts too much to even stand, or think, or feel anything. When you are in the grip of fear, and you remember the old familiar foe, or finally understand, firsthand, in your bones, what that actually means.
I wanted to stay locked away from the pain and destruction. I didn't want to be strong. I didn't want to be the 'smart girl'. I was so very tired. I just wanted it all to be over.
To let go is easy but hard to bury the memory itself. We trust, we love, we conquer to be happy. Love doesn't exist in one way but the other. We get hurt, we suffer. Believe that it happens for a reason and a purpose. Accept and let go of pain but keep the memory it reminds how strong we've gone so far.
Her eyes bled from venomous anger...Her flower had been gruesomely deflowered...Her life had slowly turned into a blunder...There was no more thinking further....She would rather become a Foetus murderer Than end up a "hopeless" mother....Of course, she found peace in the formerUntil later years of emotional traumaOh, the foetus hunt was forever!The only thing you should abort is the thought of aborting your baby. Stop the hate and violence against innocent children.
Sensitive people feel so deeply they often have to retreat from the world, in order to dig beneath the layers of pain to find their faith and courage.
May the Lord revive the crushed spirit.
You ought to the read stories of how people have endured worst situation. You will find the strength to survive life.
We need to develop new strategies overcome every challenge.
It takes courage to let go of the past and all the mechanisms you have put in place, in order to ease your pain, regret and fear through avoiding responsibility for it.
I hold on to faith and hope.
Challenges make us grow in faith, in spirit and in strength.
Forgive means for get the hurt and give love.
Love opens us.Pain deepens us.Courage strengthens us.Joy enlightens us.Beauty renews us.
God cannot remove the burdens of your heart, but he will prompt you where to go, what to say and what to do, in order to free yourself from your chains.
Don’t lose heart. Every disappointment is an awakening.
Challenges are part of life;We weaken our spirit, when we act in fear and lose hope.But we strengthen our spirit, when we fearlessly with faith and hope, rise up to meet and conquer the challenges.
May you find the strength to courageously live through any situation.
You will survive in any situation with hope.
It is no better if your son rapes a woman than when your daughter gets raped. It is equally painful, may be more.~ Rudransh Kashyap
Being strong doesn't mean that you never break! Being strong means that even if you break into a million pieces, you still have the courage to pick those pieces up, put them back together, and keep going on.
What happens to us are tiny matters compared to us response to any situation.
What happens to us are tiny matters compare to us response to any situation.
You have divine grace to forgive.
With perseverance and endurance you can survive any storm.
We were despised and trampled upon but the Lord lifted us.
Adversity tests the limit of your strength.
Suffering is imposed on us time and again so that one day we would become brave wise masters. That is, a strong being who is confidently aware of their intended direction in life, and fearlessly adding value to the world and their future.
Do not run away from your challenges. You must endure and overcome each challenge.
I wonder what will happen when you actually enjoy the pains that life gives us sometimes. You'll be above them.
Heaven left a hole in your heart. But it’s up to you to choose if that hole will be filled with pain, anger, and the eternal darkness of loss . . .	Or if you will choose to fill it with light and love and have that hole shine out of you like a spotlight into your life, keeping their memory alive . . .{It’s up to you.}
Anyone could see that this woman is living a nightmare. Except that she goes through her daily life wide awake, knowing that she could make a mistake at any moment.
The true test of a warrior is how your 'stance' holds up after any 'circumstance'. Meaning, even after the stormiest weather, a true warrior will still reflect the brilliant rays of the magnificent sun through both his or her eyes. You may get hit by sudden lightning or take severe beatings from the cruel wind, but you will always get back up and stand strong on your feet again, soak in the sunlight, and be prepared to get hit by even the most merciless hail - time and time again.
The victory over our inner self is a daily struggle. Be strong and do not give up.
We must read, mediate and affirm the writings of Holy Scriptures, to partake in the divine nature and overcome the struggles of life.
Sometimes the one thing you need for growth is the one thing you are afraid to do.
I'd be staring at you and thinking, I should ask, I should ask, I should ask; do you want to be in a stable monogamous relationship for the rest of your life?
Hey!” The male voice sliced through the noise. Terri ignored him, determined to get back to the bar for her next order. A harsh hand gripped her arm, jerking her back into a firm chest. “I asked your name.” Hot breath reeking of stale beer permeated her sinuses, making her stomach turn, as the tenor of his voice burrowed into her ear. Fear gripped her. Memories of the way Randy would grab her, and where it always ended, slammed into her, making her head spin. Shaking it off, Terri narrowed her eyes and whirled around, jabbing a red lacquered nail into his powder blue polo. “Back off,” she warned, snatching her arm back. He advanced on her, his large frame towering over her. “Just wanna know your name, sweetheart,” he said with a sleazy smile. “No need to get testy.”“You haven’t seen me testy.” As she turned her back on him and continued on her way, he called out to her. “Yet.” Terri--from Spring Cleaning--Coming Summer 2012
Know this: whenever you think of leaving, a part of you has already left. But it’s never too late to get it back.
Learn to set the pace for your relationship as a couple...not how the world thinks but how God designed it to be.
Life is love. Love is God. God is divine.
Love is the strength of life.
We live in a society where mutual respect and appreciation should be considered one of the pillars of modern life.
Love is splendid light.
Marriage is supposed to be a union between two equals who love and support each other, not a master-slave relationship in which the man commands a docile woman.
Sometimes even a "Yes" can be fatal for our Souls
Its all about perception in life, For some One minus One = One & for some its Zero.That's the only difference.
In the end it will be your “Actions” “Convictions” & “Thoughts” which will determine how you shaped your life.
How long you will live in your dreams? The time is now, it's better to go and follow them..
Opportunity comes to everyone it depends on you whether you take it or leave it. Learn to take risks and play hard because at the end you'd be thankful for your struggle.
When you are stressed and challenged by hardships just smile through it as frowning won’t help in changing the situation
We all have this perfect little image of who we want to be, but it is unnecessary. Throw the image away. You're already you just be the best version of yourself.
No matter how much struggle you face in your journey towards success, someday you will look back and realize your struggles changed your life for the better.
Don’t keep those people in your life who are completely negative in approach. Eventually these people will stress you out and be the source of your downfall.
Don't ask creator to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.
With grace we can overcome every human limitations.
Keep encouraging one another with affectionate love.
Healing your wounds will hurt, so cry. Cry your pretty little heart out until you have nothing left to shed, that's how beauty is grown; through the darkest of our days we become the light.
The fullness of potential is a lifetime of self -seeking for the best of being.
No one can live your life for you.
It is better to be than belong.
Do not become a slave to sin.
There is grace for every great deed.
Never ceased to pray.
Is there any pure pleasure like praying?
Meditation on the Holy Scriptures is sweet to the soul.
Be yourself., you are truer than you think.
Be yourself.
Rule no man than yourself.
2 All of Me Be Gentle My Friend Be gentle with yourself, forgive yourself for mistakes, don’t expect to be perfect  just get moving, and  keep putting one  foot in front of  the other  Love *** *
Change your focus, give power to the positive and starve the negative. We reduce our inner wisdom to think with logic that's been instilled in us whilst expecting miraculous results. Retrain the core issue and the pathway will build itself.
You'll never cross an emotional bridge, if you keep rushing back to the other side.
Imagine all the wondrous things your arms might embrace if they weren't wrapped so tightly around your struggles.
Jump, take that flight, and build your wings on the way down.
When you turn your dreams on there is no off switch.
Every great achiever nurtures a positive mindset.
Create your own out of the box thinking, create your own box.
Self confident is the best formula for success.
If being in the NOW doesn’t work, don’t worry as there is always another one tomorrow!
Ignorance breeds success.
If you do not stand firm in the faith, you may fall.
Do not waste your life over working.
Worry only wears the body, soul and the spirit.
Courage is the will to act in the face of any fear.
Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.
One of the fascinating things about our lives - and minds - is that tend to spend years wishing and wanting others and the world around to see in us that which we ourselves do not appreciate fully.
Having hope gives you the courage to survive any hardship.
There is hope for survival of life.
Be strong and free from fear.
Make the mental physical, and the physical mental, and things will improve.
Ask questions. Seek answers, knowing you’ll never have all of them. And that’s okay. Sometimes curiosity is its own reward.
I wake up each morning with grateful gladness.
Hardships refine a man to what he ought to be.
A New Year, all things new!
A fresh year, a fresh life.
God’s grace gives you strength to overcome any situation.
God’s grace gives strength overcome any situation.
Every adversity brings new experiences and new lessons.
If the willingness is there, you can graciously fulfill your dream.
Live every day in the full expression of God’s grace in this coming year.
You can victoriously overcome any situation by faith and hope.
May you find a sacred strength to fulfill our dreams in the coming year.
May the enthusiasm of a new year give you a persistent willpower to fulfill your dream.
Although you may not know where the road will end, you dare travel on it.
May you find courage, faith and hope to live your dreams.
If you did not live to love, what have you live for?
Bitterness leads to misery.
It is the toughest time but the best.
We ought to celebrate the sacredness of life.
The purest thought comes from mediation on word of God.
Anything good is worth the patient and the endurance.
Don’t believe negative voices. Listen to the divine-instinct of awaken soul.
Believe in your dreams.
If you lose faith, then you begin to fear.
Don’t allow the challenges to overpower you. Choose a positive attitude and persistent endurance over defeat.
Every experience in the past, prepares us for today. And the present experience equip us for the future.
Why not?" Ask God to bless you. He has enough blessings for every one.
You will encounter many challenges in life. But you must never be defeated by the challenges.
May you discover your sacred-self.
The path is undefined. You have to define and walk in your own path.
Don’t cry for them to be happy.
If you count your blessings, you will know, they outnumber your troubles.
We write to give strength to the soul of the spirit.
The Scriptures are the pearls of great words.
We ought to courageously live life
Thy word O God is light that brightens my path.
There are challenges in everyday life. May you find courage to overcome the challenges.
With patient persistence, you will conquer any situation.
Your strength is greater than your struggles.
Be a woman of confidence, not cockiness. Know your boundaries, set no limits. Speak your kindness and turn your back to conformed groups. The only way to be a woman of change in this world, is to walk what you talk and set your own soul free first.
The fear of being yourself is the beginning of self-doubt.
It is better to avoid the temptation than get entangled in the sin.
You are a wonderful sacred-soul.
If they tell you it is impossible, answer; ‘It is possible’!
We write to give strength to our soul and to inspire spirit of other souls.
What you think of is what you will attract to your life.
The choice of a great mindset is a great life.
If you don’t choose what you want, others will give you their choices.
You gain strength with every difficulty, which you boldly overcome.
Tell me, who in this life, were never guided in course of their realization of their goal?
Without a clear vision, you can be drifted to any shore.
As long as we desire to reach new heights, we will find the strength to climb the mountain.
Great souls encouraged us to be great.
Daily inspiration is uplifting to the spirit.
Never modify your goals, amplify your might.
Be firm with your decisions.
Disentangle yourself from anything that will not promote your progress.
Keep trying, your success is certain.
Competence, Courage, Confident!
To failure at something is an attempt to succeed. Be strong and try again.
May you travel on your destiny path.
Every stage of life is a chapter of a book. You must begin writing your life book.
We ought to be patient at all times.
Freedom is ability to resist any harmful action.
Freedom is the courage to live your dreams.
My strength is in the Lord. In him, I breathe, live and move.
You must resist negative thoughts, negative criticism and negative influences.
Motivation enhances human worth and potential.
Lord I thank you for the gift of breath, eyes to see, ears to hear, tongue to taste, nose to smell, mouth to speak, face to smile, voice to sing, body to dance, legs to walk, mind to think and hands to write.
Inspiration gives strength to do, what we are capable of doing.
Rise in great might to fulfill your special specific mission.
Great stories changed our heart and penetrated our soul.
Affirm the Scripture to revive your spirit.
With certainty, courage and commitment, the dream will be a reality.
You ought to dare impossible things. These will be possible by ceaseless reliance on a higher power.
Never act in fear nor lose hope.
Always look deep into your soul for the greatest strength.
The deepest comfort comes from the divine self.
Look to the Lord and the power of His grace.
We came with nothing into the world. And certainly, we will take nothing out of it, when our spirit departs.
You must choose a positive response to any situation. This is the step action to conquer it.
Lord I thank you for the gift of breath, eyes to see, ears to hear, tongue to taste, nose to smell; mouth to speak, face to smile, voice to sing, body to dance, legs to walk, mind to think and hands to write.
Do not give in to fear and lose hope. Be strong!
Baby, you must dance to the music of your soul!
Challenges exist in life; don’t be afraid, there is grace for triumphant.
Hope is a flourishing flower.
Without continuous encouragement, we may give up.
A joyful soul is the choice to dwell on amazing gift of life than the challenges.
Money can cloud your vision. Sometimes, God takes away the money and uses times of adversity to refine us like gold.
Embrace each day with divine expectation.
We shall not fail. The dream will be fulfilled.
Years and years ago, I read a great interview with Jam and Lewis, the R&B producers, in which they described what it was like to be members of Prince's band. They'd sit down, and Prince would tell them what he wanted them to play, and they'd explain that they couldn't--they weren't quick enough, or good enough. And Prince would push them and push them until they mastered it, and then just when they were feeling pleased with themselves for accomplishing something they didn't know they had the capacity for, he'd tell them the dance steps he needed to accompany the music.This story has stuck with me, I think, because it seems like an encapsulation of the very best and most exciting kind of creative process.
Music heals miserable heart.
How can your life without listen to music?
She closed her eyes and began to weave a song. She abandoned the familiar melodies she’d played so many times before and went in search of something new, no longer wanting a song fed on pain or guilt. She needed one that could replace those wounds with strength, with resolve, with confidence. She needed a song that could not only assuage, but heal and build anew. The notes stumbled around the room, tripping over beds and empty stools and hollow men sleeping. They warbled and fell, haphazard, chaotic, settling without flight. Fin’s forehead creased and she persisted. She let her fingers wander, reached out with her mind. She chased the fleeting song she’d glimpsed once before. In Madeira she’d felt a hint of it: something wild, untameable, a thing sprung whole and flawless from the instant of creation.
If you listen to music every day, you will strengthen your soul.
You ought to enjoy the rhythm of the sacred ride.
The strength of my heart is the music in my spirit.
You can begin to dream, to love, to dance, to read, to sing, to study, to paint, to teach, to draw, to swim, to exercise, to write….!
The world needs great inspires, who will encourage every living soul to reach their highest potential. You can be one.
How reprehensible it is when those blessed with commodities insist on ignoring the poor. Better to torment them, force them into indentured servitude, inflict compulsion and blows—this at least produces a connection, fury and a pounding heart, and these too constitute a form of relationship. But to cower in elegant homes behind golden garden gates, fearful lest the breath of warm humankind touch you, unable to indulge in extravagances for fear they might be glimpsed by the embittered oppressed, to oppress and yet lack the courage to show yourself as an oppressor, even to fear the ones you are oppressing, feeling ill at ease in your own wealth and begrudging others their ease, to resort to disagreeable weapons that require neither true audacity nor manly courage, to have money, but only money, without splendor: That’s what things look like in our cities at present
Think of money as energy like you would love and then the belief in the universe will provide all you have been dreaming of.
To make people feel special you don't have to pay money but rather pay attention.
You can perhaps, in a number of circumstances, tell yourself that you can't have more than you have until you do better than you're doing, but by all means steer clear of its reverse, the creed of defeat, in saying that you can't do better than you're doing until you can have more than you have.
Thy will be done, my Lord. Because you know the weakness in the heart of yourchildren, and you assign each of them only the burden they can bear. May youunderstand my love–because it is the only thing I have that is really mine, the only thing that I will be able to take with me into the next life. Please allow it to be courageous and pure; please make it capable of surviving the snares of the world.
A pure heart does not demean the spirit of an individual, it, instead, compels the individual to examine his spirit.
A new challenge keeps the brain kicking and the heart ticking.
When destiny deals, you will find yourself staring at four cards. Inevitably, your hand will not change. Time passes and eventually you face three upturned aces, leaving one unknown. Deep down, you know what the fourth holds. Do you have the courage to flip one last time knowing there is no going back? Fate knows no bounds...
I want to have the eyes of an adult to see the world as it is, but I more desperately want to have the heart of a child to make certain that I never forget what it could be.
Don't follow your heart as it can lead you astray, but instead, open your heart and allow God to lead you.
It was electric and we couldn't deny it anymore, even when our words spoke different the energy we drew from each-other spoke too loud, it was almost impossible to ignore.
Faith removes fear from your mind by adding courage to your heart.
Sometimes,I doubt the courage My bones are made ofAnd then,A breath finds her way inAnd her way outThe half-way-almost-full moonSmiles down;My heart sighsAnd quietly whispers:I remember.
We shall miss Leopardstar. I remember her from all the way back when I was an apprentice in ThunderClan. I always respected her, and, though her loyalty to RiverClan never wavered, she was a leader who understood the importance of keeping every Clan strong. She had the heart, courage, and strength of the mighty cat she was named for.
Nothing is sweeter than being unapologetically you. Don't live your life just to impress others. Reveal your truth, Express your love, Live your dreams.
Love is the strength of the heart.
There are people who know where they want to be, and also have a roadmap in their mind, about how to get there. But something stops them! They either keep waiting for better circumstances, or simply lack the courage to give up the comfort of a secure life. For them, the pursuit of their purpose is a risky proposition. Often, those are the same people that die with the weight of regrets. Those are the people who feel unfulfilled or unworthy at the end of their journey. They bury their dreams for the sake of a safe life, without ever venturing into the world of possibilities. But the truth is that if you risk nothing for the pursuit of your passion, you risk more. An even deeper reality is that there’s never a perfect time; the most ideal and opportune time is the time when YOU choose to begin your journey. Find courage to take the first step today. Your age, your pace, or your handicap doesn’t matter. Nothing is insurmountable if you have passion and persistence – your heart knows this. You simply have to convince your mind to play along. Find your moments of courage – the times when you feel strong, able, and energized. Tap those moments to launch yourself; the world beckons!
When faced with obstacles, let your heart beat with courage and faith by focusing on the growing opportunities they bring.
Stay strong; disappointments will not stay for that long. Wipe away your tears; be ready to receive cheers from people all over the world, beginning from you!
Love is the reflection of a broken heart in a shattered mirror...
Do not try to lead men who are unwilling to follow you; if their heart is not in it, you will never find the old spirit or the old courage.
Many have balls but only a few have heart.
Write from your heart, write with blood and courage.
Smiling is not a choice It’s a Lifestyle Pass it on
To be successful in life , Plan, Implement, Revise, Update, and Build on Change.
Passion + Vision +Skill + Mentoring = Success.
Start wherever you are! Low hanging fruit really tastes as good as the high stuff.
A lie near to truth is always difficult to catch
Pray GOD by HEART, Not by HABIT.
To enjoy a peaceful & Beautiful Life We should open our 'EYE' and Close our 'I
Have and show motivation to do and learn. That's the key for a good career. Everything else is an extrapolation of that.
Theres no competition in DESTINY. Run your own RACE and wish others WELL!!!
The only enemy which stands between the talent you posses and success you achieve is known as "EGO" in our Society
The most important principle for self discovery and to taste success is rather than changing other's attitude changes your own. And always remember same sun which melts the butter also hardens the clay
The only way to be content in life is to make sure your NEED don't become GREED.
When we observe trials and tribulations in our world, there's even more reason to lighten the heavy load. Sometimes life gets tough and it's disheartening. Never mind happiness; what we genuinely need is joy! God didn't intend for us to be sad or serious all of the time. His word in Proverbs 17:22 (ESV) says, “A joyful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
No body is a looser either he is a Winner or a Learner
Being Wise & Being Smart are two different things anyone can be smart but those who master the art of knowing what to overlook in this journey called life deserves to be called Wise
The only goal in life is to be happy, genuinely, intensely and consistently , regardless of what it looks like to others.
Find answers in your weakness and surprise in your strength and always remember the golden rule every failure has HOPES
The only principle of Success in Life :"You must be present to win.
Always being truthful gives you a certain kind of freedom. It springs forth like a fountain splashing throughout your body until it floods your soul. To be honest and to be trustworthy are great attributes. Ah, the power, Ah, the freedom
It’s all about “Priorities” There's No Such Thing as "Busy
Don’t be afraid of failures it takes courage to try new things & only those who try create History.
Live a life that leaves a memory, nobody can steal.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present.
The only unreachable dream is the one you don’t reach for.
The thing about our choices is that after we have made them, they turn around and make us.
True Relations never break and relation which breaks were never true
Living your life is a task so difficult it has never been attempted before.
What seems like the right thing to do could also be the hardest thing you have ever done in your life
Always follow your dreams with confidence and conviction, don’t fall for the trap of dream killers
Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.
Time change - Moments don't.
Life is a do-it-yourself project.
THE Biggest enemy of Truth is known as Facts in our Society
A wise man is someone who knows how to convert obstacles into resources.
For all those who say its a Man world. Respect Women Its their World we are just guest here
MISUNDERSTANDING" arises only when you see the things with Closed Eyes
The only difference between success and failure is Lack of Vision
Life is same for everyone. The difference is only that some are living by heart and some for only sake of living
Two powerful factors which creates difference between destroying your relationship and deepening it are EGO and Attitude
TAKE Risk because you never know how absolutely perfect something could turn out to be..
As long as we have MEMORIES, yesterday REMAINS and as long as we have HOPE, tomorrow AWAITS...
YOU have to design your own Price tag for the world.
Only Boiled Seeds are afraid of failure.
No matter what goals you set to accomplish always remember there is a thing known as Life which you should never forget to live and enjoy
Don’t be afraid of failures it takes courage to try new things & only those who try create miracles.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future
IF you want to be a winner than follow one simple rule and feed it in your mind. Take each task and work as " Do it yourself project.
Sometimes life is like living in a chamber of Liquid Oxygen. Liquid don't allow you to live and Oxygen don't let you die.
If you walk and talk with God, you will never miss the direction to your divine future. Be bold and offer your heart to be led by God.
God gave men a heart but he gave certain hearts to other men.
You or I might think that at least one would show courage and put up a fight. But neither you nor I have suffered as they, and even we have born witness in silence to lesser ills under less dire threat. Yet, in the face of evil, to sit silent is an even greater evil. Complacency is ever the enabler of darkest deeds;
Even now, she wished she could write a note, push it across the table, and go away to her room. But she was no longer a Second Assistant Librarian of the Great Library of the Clayr. Those days were gone, vanished with everything else that had defined her previous existence and identity.
I stand in Minas Anor, the Tower of the Sun; and behold! the Shadow has departed! I will be a Shieldmaiden no longer, nor vie with the great Riders, nor take joy only in the songs of slaying. I will be a healer, and love all things that grow and are not barren.
You don’t even know me, or what I am capable of, boy.
Valiant warriors of Ha-Ran-Fel–and brave and noble allies who have joined us–our hour has come! We stand at the threshold: For some, the threshold of eternity; for others, the threshold of a new era. The malignancy spawned in the east now snakes its tendrils across our land to bind us. . .to choke and extinguish us. . .and to replace our young with its own. It comes not with the conventional weapons of warfare, but with magic and devilry. It comes without honorable rules of engagement, for this is not a fair fight. We know nothing of witchcraft or conjuring demons. We cannot hope to defeat such evil with what we know. But some among us will find the way with what lives in their hearts. They will effect the enemy’s destruction. From them will victory spring! For those who fall, the light of heaven will shatter the darkness of death! Those who live will see the dawning of a new day, a glad day, a day of peace and freedom! They will multiply and grow mightier than any who ever lived before!”“WE FIGHT!!” King Ruelon’s final speech.
The courage to live brings its own rewards.
I wish this world had none of it. That we were all bound only by the matter around us and the dreams in our hearts. But it does, and we are all slave to it, unless we give the challenge. What is the point of possessing the power you have if not to use it for the greatest good you hold so dear? And why do you think that goodness exists in doing nothing, rather than trying something you’re uncertain of?
We go straight". I say again. "If we start making turns, we might not know what direction is what. If we keep going straight, at least we know how to get back to where we came from if we get into trouble. I know it's tiring, but walking uphill is a good thing-every step we take is a step closer to getting out." "I see shoulders droop, I hear heavy sighs. They don't want to agree with me; they want to go the easier way".
I've never been this dirty. I've never been this sweaty and disgusting. I've never been this afraid, this thirsty, this alone". "I haven't been a good leader, but--people are counting on me to take them to safety. I don't know if I'm twelve or twenty or if I'm twenty and I don't think age matters anymore-------There is a way out. I will find a way out.
Nightmares are seldom a foreshadowing of real events, but always a showing of real fears.
Invest in your dreams, not in your fears.
Never stop and never sit!Work hard and stay fit!Success will come one day,To those who dream and never quit!
There's a difference between disclosing that which is only your business and hiding away from the world and not seeing, shining and sharing your magic.
First, fear will mock you, then fear will taunt you, then fear will oppose you, and if you ignore it, only then will it flee from you.
A bird must overcome its fear of heights before it can rule the skies.
A bird only conquers the sky when it has mastered enough courage to lose sight of the ground.
The sky’s dangers offer the eagle more opportunities than the nest’s comfort.
There are so many people who though can fight life and win greatly, yet they have imprisoned their own true strength and they just beg at the feet of defeat and miserable life, knowingly or unknowingly, at the expense of their true purpose! Awake whilst you have life and do something noble with all our might now!
When your strength goes down, remember God is up to uplift you!
Courage lightens distress, hope alleviates grief, doubt aggravates affliction, fear worsens anguish, worry magnifies misery, and faith overthrows despair.
It's okay to be happy with yourself for all that you are and aren't. It's okay to accept that life will not always be a "win-win". Its okay to fall and pick yourself back up. It's okay to be different and not be accepted by the crowd. Its okay to be on that journey of little beginnings. Your happiness should never be overburdened or compromised by none of your life choices. It's okay to just be happy
A lion will never be afraid of sheep, no matter how many outnumber it.
I was looking down the road of "life gone by" and I realized this road of life is not as long as it looks. Travel with caution and maximize every mile. It can be a beautiful journey.
Our distracted digital world is here to stay, so the question is more of how we can truly embrace the beauty that is the stillness and the silence.
Seeds are proof that God puts within you what is supposed to enrich the world around you.
If a lion turned every time small dogs barked at it, it would be the laughing stock of the jungle.
As writers, we should remind ourselves, and each other, that Jane Austen and JK Rowling got rejected by publishers, too.
Doing anything worthwhile will present challenges, but everyone who achieves their goal is an ordinary person who becomes extraordinary.
Brave cubs become fierce lions.
The greatest weight a bird has to drop before it can fly is fear.
Singing in a storm silences thunder’s threats.
A bird does not give up flying today because it couldn't find any worms yesterday.
A lion will only retreat if you stare it in the eyes; likewise, so will fear.
Reach for the stars, not your fears.
A bird that fears turbulence will never know how high it can fly.
I don't think you will crawl when you have legs to walk. I don't think you will walk when you have wings to fly.
The higher you rise above your fears the higher you will rise above your peers.
Life begins at the edge of your fears.
The farther you venture into the forest the more valuable the fruit.
Fortune hides behind action.
So what else have they said you can’t do and how many of those have you believed?
You will never reach the stars without courage to lose sight of the ground.
A step towards what you fear is a mile towards mastering it.
The louder your “I can” the closer your “I've done it!
Believe in yourself, for the universe believes in you.
When everyone is hungry and waiting – when things need doing urgently and the clock is ticking - it’s often wiser to get cooking and present a ready-made dish they’ll find tasty to eat rather than getting everyone involved in deciding on the recipe.
Small steps of faith add up to great leaps of success.
Fear must die for your dreams to live.
Some birds learn how to fly only after falling off of a cliff.
The world within you is of greater consequence than the world around you.
Major breakthroughs often come after major breakdowns.
A divided mind cannot conquer a united soul.
Until you learn how to confidently say NO to so many things, you shall always say YES to so many things. The real summary of a regretful life is a life that failed to balance YES and NO. Yes! A life that failed to recognize when to courageously say NO and when to confidently say YES!
Warriors achieve more than worriers.
Don't fight to be right, but fight when you are right.
Give yourself a break. Embrace and accept yourself for who YOU are. Love yourself and be kind to yourself. See the best in yourself! Be brave and have courage to be comfortable in your own skin. Knowing your self-worth is everything.
Life is persisting thing which will never stop, we have to maintain us in all situations.
COURAGE is the only currency; more you spend, richer you become; by earning the RESPECT.
Good fortune often occurs when you stop expecting life to present opportunities to you and you start presenting opportunities to life.
Only by facing your demons can you stop them from having power over you.
Have your one good cry, pick your chin up, smile, and move on to the positive.
You can also make your flaws work for you.
The gatekeepers are not there to prohibit you anything, they just want to frighten you away, if you are courageous enough to go through them, they will let you , thinking you are the owner or his so
Don't fail to try because this is how winners roll.
Encouraging words are hands that pool others from the despair of life.
Life’s struggles are necessary for growth.
Let the haters’ hate push you to go further instead of tear you down, your accomplishments will be your best revenge.
You are worth more than what people say or think of you.
Success is not about impressing and pleasing everyone, but setting your own goals, and achieving them in your own time.
There is a purpose in life’s struggles. Without them, we stay the same.
Without life’s struggles, we cannot grow into the person that we are meant to become.
Struggles not only make us into stronger, better and wiser people, they also let us learn more about ourselves and our purpose in life.
Don’t believe it when people tell you that you will never accomplish anything great in life, or that you’re ordinary or should just stay the same as everybody else. Don’t let them define you, your life or your future. Don’t let society or people restrict or blind you with their definitions of what’s beautiful and what’s not, and what’s successful and what’s not, follow your heart.
Don’t be afraid to have goals and dreams. Even in the face of haters and those who do not believe in you, don’t stop dreaming.
Do not stop pursuing your dreams in the midst of all the difficult situations you find yourself to be in. Instead, set your goals in faith.
Instead of trying to hide yourself from the world, make it your signature trait. Make what most people think to be the worst of you become something your proud of.
Always see your mistakes as a learning curve.
Make your flaw your strength.
Live each day with the very best of expectations.
You were meant to go through the pain not live in pain
Do not allow the negative experiences of your past to block your future blessings
Let it be a footprint that you ones lived!Let it be a footprint that you thought failure a lesson!Let it be a footprint that you were stronger than life hurdles!Let it be a footprint that your speech was awesome!Let it be a footprint that you left a distinctive mark on minds!Let it be a footprint that you were the best father ever!Let it be a footprint that a great mother once lived !Let it be a footprint that once lived a humble yet an assertive you!Let it be a footprint that you stood for what is just regardless of the odds!Let it be a footprint that you fed the hungry! Let it be a footprint that you protected the vulnerable!Let it be a footprint that you lived for Christ!Let it be a footprint that you were courageous and not a coward!Let it be a footprint that a great worker is gone!Let it be a footprint that a good heart is gone!Let it be a footprint that you were a noble accomplisher !Let it be a footprint that you knew the essence of time!Let it be a footprint that you knew when to ignore and when to respond!Let it be a footprint! Let it be a footprint! Let it be a footprint!Let it be a footprint that though you are leaving, you are living!Let it be a footprint that you shall be missed!What footprint are you leaving behind?
I've lived my life fighting to overcome but still yet the troubles I face, may never end in this endless race.
Let it be a footprint that you ones lived!Let it be a footprint that though you were not knocked down by failure!Let it be a footprint that you were stronger than life hurdles!Let it be a footprint that your speech was awesome!Let it be a footprint that you left a distinctive mark on minds!Let it be a footprint that you were the best father ever!Let it be a footprint that a great mother once lived !Let it be a footprint that once lived a humble yet an assertive you!Let it be a footprint that you stood for what is just regardless of the odds!Let it be a footprint that you fed the hungry! Let it be a footprint that you protected the vulnerable!Let it be a footprint that you lived for Christ!Let it be a footprint that you were courageous and not a coward!Let it be a footprint that a great worker is gone!Let it be a footprint that a good heart is gone!Let it be a footprint that you were a noble accomplisher !Let it be a footprint that you knew the essence of time!Let it be a footprint that you knew when to ignore and when to respond!Let it be a footprint! Let it be a footprint! Let it be a footprint!Let it be a footprint that though you are leaving, you are living!Let it be a footprint that you shall be missed!What footprint are you leaving behind?
The strength of a man is less of the man and much more of who and what backs the man.
You stop worrying about things, just go with the ones you like, and there you'll find happiness and joy.
great men take and overtake risk tactically
Every adversity is the fuel for the soul. The greatest self-realization occurs during the greatest adversity.
Daily motivation is essential to recharge your spirit.
Be content with what you have. You have enough to live happy life.
When you encounter unexpected situation, don’t panic. Close our eyes, take a deep breath and pray. It will relief you of any anxiety.
Encouragement is a fire of flame. It refreshes the soul and revives the spirit.
Gracious words refresh, restore and revive the soul.
You have no control over what happens to you! You can only pray for grace and strength to endure any situation.
Do not dwell on the past. Focus on the precious moments and gracious future.
May our lifestyles be a testimony of the hope we have in Christ Jesus.
You are capable of great deeds.
We can still find joy in the midst of the storm.
Failure is a sign post, directing the right road for life’s journey.
Don’t be discouraged by life’s difficulties. With hope and determination, you can triumph over any difficulties.
Always look heavenward in any situation.Trust God to grant you the needed grace and strength to overcome the situation.
Circumvent negative influences, circumstances and people.
Comparison is waste of energy. Every individual is unique with unique talents. Find your passion and live your best life.
If you stay determined, the obstacles cannot stop your progress. You will triumph over every mountain.
Those do dare take risks, shall fulfill their passions.
Life is so much better when we dwell on awe-inspired thoughts.
You have to conquer every mountain to fulfill the dream.
It is your life, enthusiastically accept the challenge.
Those who find courage to pursue their dreams, manifest gladness of the soul.
Daily walk in nature brings tranquility to one’s life.
Failure is a sign post of life, guiding us to the right paths.
The manifestation of physical victory was first won spiritually. Prayer is our greatest weapon!
May we love each other with brotherly love. Love cast out all fears.
If I don’t succeed, I will try again and never stop trying.When I succeed, I will again explore new opportunities.
We have been blessed with the privilege to live life. May we live to the fullness.
Be thankful.Be grateful.Be joyful.
You can't be stop. Reach out for your dreams.
In the darkest time, I have always believed, the light will shine.
You are part of divine purpose. You have a divine power within you.
Everyone is special; every moment in our life is unique. However difficult or painful a situation may look at present, it soon becomes a memory and a special journey. Memories make us who we are, but it also starts declining with age. There are many ways to preserve these special moments so that we can cherish a story that's our own.
Spring time is a time for revival of every living thing.
Failure is an arrow pointing the right direction.
Blessed are you who endure life trails.
Fight for what you want. Never allow anything to distract you.
Don't use your past history as an excuse to be miserable. Use your past as a testament to show the world just how far you have come.
Don't ever let others impose their self-limiting beliefs on to you. They don't have the courage and spirit that you do.
Endure the times for a better tomorrow.
When I was a child, I thought like a child.When I became adult, I seek a deeper understanding of life.
They oppressed us but unable to kill our spirit.
May the resurrection power of Christ, awake in us a greater spiritual force and strength, so that we can passionately pursue our God-given dreams.
Curiosity fueled our determination to keep questioning.
The will to dare, the will to act.
Never lose hope! You are capable of holding on to hope.
May God guide you on the new travel path.
Without hope we fail to exist.
You can accomplish far greater things when you depend on a divine power.
All great people had critics but they still believe in the beauty of their dreams, fully persuaded to stay focused and determined for the realisationof their dreams.
Hope is an enthusiastic assurance.
Life is game. Never fear to play the game.
... a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear.
We’re so rarely called on to be Christians, but when we are, we’ve got men like Atticus to go for us.
What she knew was sand and wind and innumerable stars. The rumble in a camel’s throat as it swayed over shifting dunes, its trappings jingling in time with its steps beneath her. She knew the sting of thirst and the taste of dried fruit, the glare of sun and the frigid, bone-numbing cold of the air when the sun gave her throne over to the moon. She knew that, to survive, one must often revise one’s caliber, and one must completely depend upon Jesus Christ.
To desire is to dream.
We can prevail with prayer.
O Lord of mercy, have pity on us.
When we fall, Jesus Christ will help us to rise up.
In every moment, know that the Lord's presence is always with you.
Never live a day without prayer.
God gives courage for us to triumph in any trouble.
Many people ask what they should do in their quiet time. Find a time early in your day when there are no distractions, which includes children, television, radio, or anything else that may take your focus off what you are doing. Pray for concerns on your heart and thank God for your blessings. Read God's Word and look for meaning in the scriptures and how to apply them to your life. You and your children will be blessed when you seek the Lord daily.
If I had to sum up homeschooling in one word, it would be freedom.
Life's most important lessons are not found in the lesson plans.
Teach the child, not just the curriculum.
I homeschool my children not to prepare them for tests but to prepare them for life.
Dear Homeschool Mom, You've got this! God called you to it, and He will see you through it. Inhale Grace. Exhale Doubt.
When I think of the word "organic," I think of natural, wholesome, and fundamental.That's exactly what I want my children's education to be like.
FUN + Learning = The Best Educational Experience
My Top Ten Reasons for Homeschooling: (10) Birthdays become school holidays. I love celebrations!(9) I always get to be the chaperone on field trips. Lucky me.(8) I can sleep in on rainy mornings. (Okay, I wrote that before my last two babies were born- no more sleeping in for Mom now.)(7) My pajamas are sometimes my work uniform until noon. Shhh!(6) The teacher-student ratio can’t be beat!(5) I can kiss the school principal in the faculty lounge. ♥(4) Integrating God in our school lessons is always encouraged.(3) I do not have to stay up late at night helping my children study for tests and complete homework assignments.(2) I have the opportunity to instill the love of learning.(1) I am the recipient of hugs and kisses all day long.
God has a plan for you (Jer. 29:11) and you will make it through this time of testing. Keep on believing and moving forward and you will see Him working out the details. God is never early or late but His timing is always perfect. You will see, I promise.
Homeschooling is not head-to-head, it's heart-to-heart.
I'm not saying homeschooling will be easy. I am saying it will be worth it.
Adding FUN to learning creates the best educational experience possible.
It isn't my teaching credentials that qualify me to teach my child. It is my God who qualifies me.
It's not my credentials that qualify me to teach my child. It's my God who made me qualified when I became a mom.
Homeschooling allows you the freedom to step off the highway of learning and take a more scenic route along a dirt road.
The primary focus of homeschooling should be on cultivating hearts for the Lord.
Organic education is natural, wholesome, and fundamental.
There is freedom in homeschooling.
The times I am most frustrated in homeschooling is when I become focused more on my plans than His plans. I must spend more time daily looking up for his divine direction than I do looking down at my lesson plans.
Goodbye worry, fear, doubt, and guilt. Hello grace.
Christ is the core of my child's curriculum.
Make Learning Magical
Proverbs 16:3 "Commit to the LORD whatever you do, and He will establish your plans."A great reminder when planning out the school year.
[Put] on your oxygen mask first. We cannot give our children something we don't have ourselves. I encourage you to make a commitment to having a quiet time with God every day. This may involve some sacrifices, such as waking up ten minutes earlier, turning off the morning news for a few minutes, or finding time alone, but I can promise that the results will be worth it.
I pray moms will use ... [my] book[s] as a reference to arm themselves with God's grace and His Word to break away from the enemy's bondage and begin to experience peace and freedom in their homeschool journeys right away.
How do I find joy in my homeschool journey?The answer is quite simple. I accept lots of God's grace. Grace to make mistakes. Grace to take a nap when I am exhausted. Grace to not feel guilty. Without His abundant provision of grace, I would be depleted, discouraged, and dissatisfied. Instead, I place all my trust in His direction and I embrace my calling as a homeschool mom. His grace has set me free from worry, fear, doubt, and guilt and I am overflowing with joy. Praise God!
The Truth: Doing it all is a misconception the enemy wants mothers to believe. Learn how to fully embrace the beauty of each season of your life. It is a gift from God. God’s Word: Colossians 3:23-24-'Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for human masters, since you know that you will receive an inheritance from the Lord as a reward. It is the Lord Christ you are serving.' Take a deep breath busy mom. You are doing a great job!
Every mom is busy, whether you have one child or more than one. You just learn how to manage your time differently as your family grows.
For those of you who think that I have my life altogether, I definitely do not. Every season brings new challenges. For example, since I had my fifth child, I am notoriously 5-10 minutes late everywhere no matter how hard I try to be on time. I would like to say that I am "fashionably" late, but that isn't the truth either. Running in a mad dash in a parking lot (all holding hands of course) to make it somewhere 5 minutes late (instead of 6 minutes cause that makes a big difference) while one child is missing shoes and my hair is going in every direction. Yep, that is my family.
... parents naturally want their children to excel in every area of academics and extra-curricular activities, but the reality is- God made each child differently for His purpose. He never intended for our children to excel in everything.
Relax. Cultivate your children's capabilities. Maximize their strengths. Do not handicap their unique skills by spending too much time on making them average in everything. Help them create their own style, and appreciate your children for who God created them to be.
Homeschooling is not a race ... You will not get behind nor do you have to live with guilt that you feel the need to catch up.
curriculum companies provide more work than is needed. I never finished the complete curriculum when I taught in a classroom or at home. If your race is with your curriculum, learn to pick and choose what to use, and please do not attempt to cover it all or your race will be ongoing and you will be exhausted. Even races require pit stops to refuel.
... the enemy will do anything to rob my joy of homeschooling and parenting. He wanted me to live in bondage and feel guilty and like I was never doing enough to have me miss the real joy of just being home with my children.
I LOVE homeschooling and want others who have been led to do it to love it, too.
I want home educators to look beyond the lesson plans, curriculum, and grades to see the abundant blessings. My desire is for parents to enjoy the journey rather than focus on the destination.When you begin to embrace the journey- TRULY embrace the journey- the joy of homeschooling will be absolutely A.MA.ZING. You will begin to see the much larger picture and God's work in your homeschool day more than you ever have before.
[Home educator] take time during the holidays to catch your breath and enjoy homeschooling in a new, refreshing way (and to learn the value of bookmarks like I did.☺)
[Home educator] sometimes teaching and parenting is tough stuff. That is the reality of the calling. I hope ... [do] not quit or give up hope but keep moving forward on the path where God guides you.
God will help you do it if you trust and lean on Him for guidance and strength.
By fulfilling our divinely appointed jobs as parents, we can be God's tools that define and refine our children as they are sculpted into the individuals that He wants them to be.
Stand firm on the solid rock!
There are enough blessings for everyone.
Tithing is a sacred gift to health and wealth.
The test in spiritual fires is the strength of faith.
Spirituality is the greatest soul food.
With much prayer comes great grace from God.
Life is a heroic faith.
I am not afraid to walk alone.
Joyful gratitude creates a happy life.
Ask the Creator to direct your thoughts, decisions and actions.
Choices! Choices!! Choices!!! I have chosen love over hate.I have chosen faith over fears.I have chosen courage over cowardice.I have chosen strength over weakness.I have chosen positive thinking over negative thoughts.
You can conquer any challenge with daring faith and hope.
You must live the life of your dreams.
Life could only be lived with a heroic faith.
Perpetual possibilities exist to win the game of life.
Freedom is free from fears, choice of faith.
In any situation, I ask “What can I do for myself”.
Great faith, great hope and great courage.
Go forward and explore many great lands.
When we have graciously endured every adversity, we become like a shining diamond.
We can all rise to a higher divine-self with encouragement.
The grace of fulfilled dream is phenomenal.
Love the Creator with all your heart, all your soul and all your mind.
Do not let your hearts be overwhelmed by adversity. May you have the strength, hope and courage to overcome the situation.
In the dark time, a light is shine by a divine force.
Dare to dream.Dare to reach beyond the stars.
We ought to love, encourage and support each other.
May you find the greatest strength, the divine force.
The spirit of divinity lives in you. The power is unlock by faith, hope and courage.
Let go of your all fears, be strong.
Let go of all your worries, embrace hope.
Where there is life, hope prevails.
It is better to hope than despair.
The timeless promises of God are our confident hope.
Hope is being confident of what we do not see.
It is better to believe than doubt.
Live each day with great hope.
To every difficulty, God’s grace abounds.
When we feel too drained to move forward, God is right there with us, ready to tenderly revive and restore us.
We endure every adversity by grace.
Children are the most fearless souls on earth.
The unique fingerprint of every individual defines our unique purpose and mission on earth.
You are capable of much more than you envisage.
Pray for what you want.Expect your answer in due time.Be strong to wait for the arrival of answer.
Without challenge we fail to develop the higher self.
God's grace is your inner strength.
Never waste your energy to dwell on the past failures and mistakes.May you find renewed energy, courage and hope to pursue new adventures.
Do all the work you can in your youthful days while you have the greatest strength.
May God continue to give us strength for our daily work.
The courage to dream, the courage to act.
Hope can keep you alive in the midst of the turbulence.
We are surrounded by adversity but we shall triumph because we have a greater spirit
Living by faith, living by hope.
Gracious words revived our spirit and restored our soul.
May you find comfort and peace in every situation.
Be willing to listen to the voice of God.
Just thinking of your laughter gives me courage. . .
Relatives share the same bloodline, but FAMILY shares your successes, pains, ambitions, celebrations, failures, values, love and so much more. I realize that many friends have become Family and some relatives just are not. (Analogy: Blood scatters everywhere, when Family runs together...When I thought I needed "Blood" to survive, I realized that what I really needed was "Family"!)
I know you don't want to be me. But I'd hate for you to ever feel like you're in my shadow. You're not and you never will be. You are awesome, and there is some kind of amazing future waiting for you.
Remember, there are people who care for us: there are some who grow food for us, some who cook for us, some who take our trash out, some who keep us safe, some who call us late at night when it’s been a tough day and some who are right by our side the next morning when we are sick, some who smile at us, some who hold the door for us, some who compliment us, who back us, who pray for us. And, they can be friends and family and mentors and relatives and sometimes, in fact, most of the times, even perfect strangers. Let’s be grateful to each one of them, let’s be grateful to all those around us.
Raising human offspring is an endeavor nothing less than a continued labor of patience, hard work, organization and ongoing adaptation. All of which is unlike that expected of any other living creatures on the planet (or this sector of the universe, as far as we can tell). It demands the most complex responsibility and long-term commitment of any parenting life-form. Indeed, it is at times, at least for quality parents, an overwhelming, exhausting, even daunting task. Albeit, one that in the end, (and, most of the time even in the middle of it), is more than worth it.
---Sleeps through the washes of the morning's colors and the warm brilliance of sunrise. She sleeps in a world where she remembers, perfectly, every detail about her husband, this day, that sentence, another touch. She will remember it all in the deepest sleep, and lose it again the moment her eyes open and she wonders how late it must be for the sun to already be so high and then remembers, in the next instant, what happened the day before.
Don’t give up on yourself, your family and your nation.
Love is divine force of existence.
At the bottom of the mountain you have your scoffers and doubters, by midpoint you have your envious and haters, and when you reach to the top you have new friends and family you never met or thought existed.
We men have always fought to protect others... since the ancient times. Even though we were naked, and only had sticks and stones to defend ourselves... we still had the elderly, the young, our wives, friends, family, and homes... and to protect all of that we braved any danger, no matter what... and fought! And even among those cavemen there were useless failures! Just like how we are today! But in the end, even they gathered their courage, and fought! And, not surprisingly, being incompetent... they were killed! Even thought it was the death of an idiot... it was also... the death of a selfless hero!
The festive season isn’t just a time to teach children about Jesus and giving, it’s also a time to teach your children about those less fortunate. This year, encourage your children to pick a present and give it to a child who has none, or take them to a charity drive.
Let today mark a new beginning for you. Give yourself permission to say NO without feeling guilty, mean, or selfish. Anybody who gets upset and/or expects you to say YES all of the time clearly doesn’t have your best interest at heart. Always remember: You have a right to say NO without having to explain yourself. Be at peace with your decisions.
Keep your innocence and ignorance aside, and expose yourself to dangerous situations, and understand the deeper secrets of life.
You begin to understand your personality, your response, and the functions of your body, heart and mind into different situations, events and with different people, with the inward attention.
We can make detours with our mind but we can't distract the truth from our heart.
The cook's role is to feed the body while a leader's role is to feed the mind and spirit.
The power of great thoughts,timeless possibilities.
And if ever you need encouragement, remember at least two sober facts which nobody can rationally deny: that you are a new and unique living force in nature, and that you can, by taking thought and pursuing it, become more and more intensely alive.
There is beauty all around us, and the light finds us when we realize, we are all part of that beauty and worth the cherishing. If we despise any, we journey to despise ourselves. See all as beautiful, even if they choose to see themselves through you, as being less than so. We have the power to see for each, and be the reflection of what they may yet see.
Your mind is the most incredible gift! A powerful mind is the reserve for all that is physical in stamina.
The difference between impossible and possible is a willing heart.
Purpose drives the process by which we become what we are capable of being.
God is up to something, but you will never know unless you figure out the difference between who is the messenger carrying your future and who is the person holding you back.
If you can be heartless as the first man who visited the space, then there will be nothing impossibe for you to achieve.
Imagination makes the worldand all the wonders in it.The seed of every dream unfurlsas you with love begin it!
I'm such a strong human being. I amaze myself even. If only you knew what I've been up against, you'd want my autograph. I'm a real life superhero.
A lion may die of an ass's kick.
And that luck was only fate's cheating, giving an illusion of power. But that illusion lingered, and I became restless. I decided to act, to challenge fate. (...) I gained courage; every afternoon I walked a little farther. And one day I got there.
We are the Dragon-Hearted.
I will never be someone's last choice, second option, narcissistic supply, doormat, ego booster, sidekick, secret, last time or after thought. I am a Daughter of God that stands for truth. I know my beauty, my talents, my accomplishments, what I have to offer and who leads my life purpose: my Heavenly Father. But, most of all I know my value and I will never let any man define my worth.
Standing in the ring of fire, the eye of the storm, the vortex of pain and pressure is simultaneously the most vulnerable and most powerful place to be. Here we embody paradox. We stand our ground and surrender completely. Here we know the full power of the Feminine.
Religious extremism is fatal to those who don't conform to its values, or remold or submit themselves to its 'principles'. It craves control and power - and power is the one tool that enables it to wreak its characteristic havoc, destruction and cruelty upon those it chooses to label as scapegoats. Giving in to extremists enables them and empowers them - and worse, it encourages them.
Look to the past with wisdom, and look to the future with courage.
Don’t ever feel bad for making a decision about your own life that upsets other people. You are not responsible for their happiness. You’re responsible for your own happiness. Anyone who wants you to live in misery for their happiness should not be in your life anyway.
Sometimes it's like: If something terrifies you, you should totally do it BECAUSE it terrifies you. And then you'll do it and you'll realise what you're capable of.
Is not the true respect and worship of God the exercising of our power in such a way that we are also respected?
When you believe you have lost your power and control nothing will ever seem easy or simple.
It’s just another stop on the curvy roadthe final encounterfor the man who has liveddeath is the answer.
My heart's made of goldMy soul is pure steelLoved ones shall riseEnemies will kneelI soothe with water, attack with fireFor I am the master of my own empire.
We are God's chosen people.We are God's treasured possession.Let us rise in mighty strength to possess our rightful places as God's children.
For the young, there is nothing unattainable; a good thing desired with the whole force of a passionate will, and yet impossible, is to them not credible. Yet, by death, by illness, by poverty, or by the voice of duty, we must learn, each one of us, that the world was not made for us, and that, however beautiful may be the things we crave, Fate may nevertheless forbid them. It is the part of courage, when misfortune comes, to bear without regretting the ruin of our hopes, to turn away our thoughts from vain regrets. This degree of submission to power is not only just and right: it is the very gate of wisdom.
My People: Prepared and never scared, fueled by faith in a sea of despair - we rise and we shine, 'cause it's like that'!
There is always a storm. There is always rain. Some experience it. Some live through it. And others are made from it.
To be undefeated, to primer is to learn the game for not just your talents but for the game itself.
Do not settle; open up yourself by surrendering to creating your own kind of success ALL THE WAY! Whether you have superior or less-than-average skills, you will cultivate your success story through determination and consistency.
Entrepreneurs are innovators, visionaries—generators of new ideas turning into coinage
Implore yourself to continue to Action Past Your Devil’s Advocate.
Compassion is even more powerful than courage. Sure, with courage you can conquer a world - but only with compassion can you heal and build it.
Through action anti-advocates are made believers, even though that isn’t a goal, Right! Your goal is and should always be to fulfill your own expectations and exceed them.
Be true to your authenticity and innovate with brave ammunition.
Be thankful for your achievements; be thankful for your accomplishments, no matter how big or small. Be thankful for the mind to complete the accomplishments. Be thankful for your past, present, and future. And know that if you are creating success stories you will find that average is how you began, above average is then where you will stand! Lest you forget the strong develop and improve; the weak get frantic, digress and deviate.
There are opportunities for all of us, we just have to open our eyes and hold ourselves completely accountable
Lest you forget the strong develop and improve the weak get frantic digress and deviate
..be able and willing to action regardless of all trauma, all the No’s, and non-supporters one could headache and pain on.
We all have a little entrepreneur inside of us. Wanting to leverage it is what gives us an entrepreneurial spirit and an entrepreneurial mind. Actually doing it makes one an entrepreneur.
if you are not a fan of great consumer service, then you are not a fan of business ultimately not making you a fan of money.
Ultimately, having what we want is our liability. It is no one else’s. Purge the blame game. Everyone has a legitimate reason why they CAN’T get something done. It’s the will to get it done REGARDLESS.
Exceed, succeed, outdo, overdo, all with a smile.
Entrepreneurs, let’s begin to turn our desire and design into reward.
Pick the paper off the floor, throw it in the trash, study—even if you think you already know the subject, say thank you for an act of kindness, and be the support you want to receive. You want to become a master of the mundane, making it easier to be a sorcerer of success.
Have the courage that you will trample over your I'll struggles of the past till all is settled for your celebrations. You will be victorious in the face of difficulties if only give are courageous!
His style as a writer places him in the category of the immortals, and his courage as a critic outlives the bitter battles in which he engaged. As a result, we use the word 'Orwellian' in two senses: The first describes a nightmare state, a dystopia of untrammelled power; the second describes the human qualities that are always ranged in resistance to such regimes, and that may be more potent and durable than we sometimes dare to think.
We can face whatever circumstances await us with courage if we just reflect on God’s faithfulness and place our confidence in His great power and loving purpose for our lives.
The strength we find within ourselves gives us endurance and perseverance power.
There are some people, she says, not many, who have within them the power to change things. The courage to act in the service of somethin greater than themselves.
There’s only one power in the world great enough to help us rise above the difficult things we face: the power of God.
Don’t be afraid when you have to pray fervently because of your circumstances. God is wanting to do something great through you!
Don’t think too small about what God could do in your life—be prepared for God to do a big thing.
All people are brave when their power is rising.
The ultimate act of bravery does not take place on a battlefield. It takes place in your heart, when you have the courage to honor your character, your intellect, your inclinations and yes, your soul by listening to its clean, clear voice of direction instead of following the muddied messages of a timid world.
I'm a lion in a strange land.
My world had for some years been Lowood: my experience had been of its rules and systems; now I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitements, awaited those who had courage to go forth into its expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst its perils.
In the history of the world, we have left our footprints by our unique stories.
I don’t want to be a critic of the world. I want to encourage it.
Simple minded people do things like gossip, lie, spread rumors, and cause troubles. But, I know you're more intelligent.
There are all kinds of courage in the world, and most of it takes place far from battlefields.
Teams that spend a lot of time learning the tricks of the trade will probably never really learn the trade.
As rice grows riper, the lower it bows its head. Never lose your humility while you grow.
There's something about kindred spirits, you meet them and for a moment this world no matter ugly, makes sense. They bring a sense of freedom and clarity to one conversation; just enough to remind you of who you are.
A negative outlook is dangerous. When you say, “It can’t get any worse!” You're essentially challenging the universe to do exactly that.
Want to help others? Be yourself. You’ll inspire others to muster the courage to be themselves as well.
No one has any right to tell you that the way you perceive yourself is wrong. Because by doing so, they also discourage the person you aspire to be.
I want you to hold the rising sun,I’m hearing the stars calling me ;
One thing I can assure you, life is not easy, but it can be simple. Focus on what's important and don't let your distractions derail you.
Maybe when we face a tragedy, someone, somewhere is preventing a bigger tragedy from happening.
I thought having a chronic illness would make my life detour in ways I didn't want to accept, but I've learnt that have a chronic illness made the only detours that are worth the growth.
How is it that we have over 6 billion people in the world and half of them feel alone?
Some people must dream broadly and guilelessly, if only to balance those who never dream at all.
life - your gunna meet some two faced people, some bosses that make your soul cringe, some places you wished you'd never walked into... But then you'll grow, you'll learn that your gut instinct isn't nieve, your boss can ' fuck it' because your dreams are more important and the places you walked into unaware of chaos, will bring you to places of perfect peace. Hold on, the struggle won't last forever.
Be Courageous: Succeed or Fail Monumentally!
In fairy tales the evil characters disappear or die, in reality, evil spreads while you wait for your hero on a horse, only to realise the sword to save yourself was always in your hand...
Put all your pain on a piece of paper, write it all down, every experience, every ache, every hurtful moment. Then take a match, and set fire to that piece of paper. All the hurt you have inside you is burning just as it burnt inside of you, until it is completely gone. From this moment forward you are free. Nothing can harm you. No past. No present. No future. You are reborn into water, and nothing in the entirety of this world can set fire to water, nor crush it. Whatever pressures you face, you will float. Whatever tries to sink you, you will rise up. Today, right now, in this moment, you are a warrior. Now smile, it will set fire to those who sought to burn you...
Some people are lucky to find love, others must settle with being liked...
You’ve got to have confidence in the very thing that makes you unique – then wait for the world to catch up
Stand tall and face YOUR truth. Speak boldly and be confident in what you say. Don't just dream, but take the steps to get where you want to be. Stay motivated, determined, and focused because YOU are worth it! Giving up is NOT an option. Keep your eyes on what matters and what's truly important.
May our eyes focus rightly on Christ ... before the need to please others, before church, and before the busyness of Christian life. Those things will surely have their place, but they will be most valuable if put in their proper position.
You should holistically build yourself to be the best you. The evidence of your glorious life should be an inspiration to many . You create your world yourself in your own positive way. You are stronger than ever and bolder than you think. Brave the odds and initiate new imprints for all to aspire and follow your footprints.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.- Atticus Finch
Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.
Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.
Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
There are so many ways to be brave in this world. Sometimes bravery involves laying down your life for something bigger than yourself, or for someone else. Sometimes it involves giving up everything you have ever known, or everyone you have ever loved, for the sake of something greater.But sometimes it doesn't.Sometimes it is nothing more than gritting your teeth through pain, and the work of every day, the slow walk toward a better life. That is the sort of bravery I must have now.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
With enough courage, you can do without a reputation.
The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter.
Some people believe holding on and hanging in there are signs of great strength. However, there are times when it takes much more strength to know when to let go and then do it.
At times the world may seem an unfriendly and sinister place, but believe that there is much more good in it than bad. All you have to do is look hard enough. and what might seem to be a series of unfortunate events may in fact be the first steps of a journey.
Life is mostly froth and bubble,Two things stand like stone.Kindness in another's trouble,Courage in your own.
Become major, Paul. Live like a hero. That's what the classics teach us. Be a main character. Otherwise what is life for?
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow.
Just because you fail once doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything.
One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare.
It is not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit.
It takes strength and courage to admit the truth.
Before I knew you, I thought brave was not being afraid. You've taught me that bravery is being terrified and doing it anyway.
What we call our destiny is truly our character and that character can be altered. The knowledge that we are responsible for our actions and attitudes does not need to be discouraging, because it also means that we are free to change this destiny. One is not in bondage to the past, which has shaped our feelings, to race, inheritance, background. All this can be altered if we have the courage to examine how it formed us. We can alter the chemistry provided we have the courage to dissect the elements.
It takes courage...to endure the sharp pains of self discovery rather than choose to take the dull pain of unconsciousness that would last the rest of our lives.
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. If an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse, and you say that you are neutral, the mouse will not appreciate your neutrality.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.
Go back?" he thought. "No good at all! Go sideways? Impossible! Go forward? Only thing to do! On we go!" So up he got, and trotted along with his little sword held in front of him and one hand feeling the wall, and his heart all of a patter and a pitter.
I believe that the most important single thing, beyond discipline and creativity is daring to dare.
One of the greatest regrets in life is being what others would want you to be, rather than being yourself.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues but the form of every virtue at the testing point, which means at the point of highest reality.
Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen.
An unbelieved truth can hurt a man much more than a lie. It takes great courage to back truth unacceptable to our times. There's a punishment for it, and it's usually crucifixion.
Sometimes, making the wrong choice is better than making no choice. You have the courage to go forward, that is rare. A person who stands at the fork, unable to pick, will never get anywhere.
Anybody can learn to think, or believe, or know, but not a single human being can be taught to feel... the moment you feel, you're nobody ― but-yourself ― in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else ― means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight, and never stop fighting.
Bravery hides in amazing places.
You have plenty of courage, I am sure," answered Oz. "All you need is confidence in yourself. There is no living thing that is not afraid when it faces danger. The true courage is in facing danger when you are afraid, and that kind of courage you have in plenty.
But she wished she had had the guts to go up to him and say hello. Or possibly break his legs, she wasn't sure which.
Self-control is the chief element in self-respect, and self-respect is the chief element in courage.
We have to be braver than we think we can be, because God is constantly calling us to be more than we are.
It is hard to be brave, when you're only a Very Small Animal.
You can always die. It's living that takes real courage." - Himura Kenshin
There is nothing in this life that can destroy you but yourself. Bad things happen to everyone, but when they do, you can't just fall apart and die. You have to fight back. If you don't, you're the one who loses in the end. But if you do keep going and fight back, you win.
Some people have more guts than brains.
I know what I want, I have a goal, an opinion, I have a religion and love. Let me be myself and then I am satisfied. I know that I’m a woman, a woman with inward strength and plenty of courage.
We need a backbone, not a wishbone.
It is better to lock up your heart with a merciless padlock, than to fall in love with someone who doesn't know what they mean to you.
If you build the guts to do something, anything, then you better save enough to face the consequences.
The bravest thing I ever did was continuing my life when I wanted to die.
Are you ready?" Klaus asked finally."No," Sunny answered."Me neither," Violet said, "but if we wait until we're ready we'll be waiting for the rest of our lives, Let's go.
For long the two enemies looked at one another, Hook shuddering slightly, and Peter with the strange smile upon his face."So, Pan," said Hook at last, "this is all your doing.""Ay, James Hook," came the stern answer, "it is all my doing.""Proud and insolent youth," said Hook, "prepare to meet thy doom.""Dark and sinister man,“For long the two enemies looked at one another, Hook shuddering slightly, and Peter with the strange smile upon his face."Dark and sinister man," Peter answered, "have at thee.
the courage it took to get out of bed eachmorningto face the same thingsover and overwasenormous.
Never interrupt someone doing something you said couldn't be done.
I remembered that the real world was wide, and that a varied field of hopes and fears, of sensations and excitments, awaited those who had the courage to go forth into it's expanse, to seek real knowledge of life amidst it's perils.
How many more of us are faking the facade? How many more of us are pretending to be something we're not? Even better, how many of us will have the courage to be ourselves regardless of what others think?
One of the things that baffles me (and there are quite a few) is how there can be so much lingering stigma with regards to mental illness, specifically bipolar disorder. In my opinion, living with manic depression takes a tremendous amount of balls. Not unlike a tour of Afghanistan (though the bombs and bullets, in this case, come from the inside). At times, being bipolar can be an all-consuming challenge, requiring a lot of stamina and even more courage, so if you're living with this illness and functioning at all, it's something to be proud of, not ashamed of.They should issue medals along with the steady stream of medication.
Kill me then,' panted Harry, who felt no fear at all, but only rage and contempt. 'Kill me like you killed him, you coward-'DON'T-' screamed Snape, and his face was suddenly demented, inhuman, as though he was in as much pain as the yelping, howling dog stuck in the house behind them- 'CALL ME A COWARD!
It's not that I've suddenly become stronger or that something has changed. I'm still shaking. But... We don't have to let those fears stop us. What's most important is that we try to rise above our weakness.
Each mistake teaches you something new about yourself. There is no failure, remember, except in no longer trying. It is the courage to continue that counts.
Sometimes standing against evil is more important than defeating it. The greatest heroes stand because it is right to do so, not because they believe they will walk away with their lives. Such selfless courage is a victory in itself.
Where the battle rages, there the loyalty of the soldier is proved.
Long before morning I knew that what I was seeking to discover was a thing I'd always known. That all courage was a form of constancy. That it is always himself that the coward abandoned first. After this all other betrayals come easily.
Courage doesn't always roar, sometimes it's the quiet voice at the end of the day whispering 'I will try again tomorrow
Courage only counts when you can count.
I told myself, Malala, you have already faced death. This is your second life. Don't be afraid — if you are afraid, you can't move forward.
What we know matters but who we are matters more.
It was the only thing I ever really wanted. And that’s the sin that can’t be forgiven--that I hadn’t done what I wanted. It feels so dirty and pointless and monstrous, as one feels about insanity, because there’s no sense to it, no dignity, nothing but pain--and wasted pain...why do they always teach us that it’s easy and evil to do what we want and that we need discipline to restrain ourselves? It’s the hardest thing in the world--to do what we want. And it takes the greatest kind of courage.
Whatever course you decide upon there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising which tempt you to believe that your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires....courage.
Courage is a heart word. The root of the word courage is cor - the Latin word for heart. In one of its earliest forms, the word courage meant "To speak one's mind by telling all one's heart." Over time, this definition has changed, and today, we typically associate courage with heroic and brave deeds. But in my opinion, this definition fails to recognize the inner strength and level of commitment required for us to actually speak honestly and openly about who we are and about our experiences -- good and bad. Speaking from our hearts is what I think of as "ordinary courage.
I am not angry or sad or happy to see you. I could not give a shit. You don't even ripple.
The best lightning rod for your protection is your own spine.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees the others.
Personal affection is a luxury you can have only after all your enemies are eliminated. Until then, everyone you love is a hostage, sapping your courage and corrupting your judgment.
Courage doesn’t happen when you have all the answers. It happens when you are ready to face the questions you have been avoiding your whole life.
All of us have moments in out lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them.
It's the heart afraid of breaking that never learns to dance.
Everyone pretends to be 'free thinkers', but few individuals pass the line into expressive territories that may be detrimental to their own social well-being.
I nodded, pretending to be a hundred times more courageous than I felt.But that was the thing about courage. Sometimes you had to fake it to feel it.
Courage isn't absenct of fear, it is the awareness that something else is important
Don't try to understand life. Live it! Don't try to understand love. Move into love. Then you will know - and all that knowing will come out of your experiencing. The more you know, the more you know that much remains to be known.
You're gutless. It's how you were made. And that's not such a bad thing because your saving grace is that you've never lied to yourself about it. Not about that. Nothing wrong with cowardice as long as it comes with prudence. But when a coward stops remembering who he is... God help him.
Do," said Louisa finally, "whatever you can't not do.
Confidence is knowing who you are and not changing it a bit because of someone’s version of reality is not your reality.
Courage is being the only only one who knows how terrified you are.
It takes a great deal of courage to stand alone even if you believe in something very strongly.
Nobody can discover the world for somebody else. Only when we discover it for ourselves does it become common ground and a common bond and we cease to be alone.
Do not be afraid. Do not be satisfied with mediocrity. Put out into the deep and let down your nets for a catch.
One cannot answer for his courage when he has never been in danger.
I had to cease to mourn what could never be and make the most of what was possible. And I would begin doing that by trying to mend the hurts of the past.
Playing the part of a charitable soul was only for those who were afraid of taking a stand in life. It is always far easier to have faith in your own goodness than to confront others and fight for your rights. It is always easier to hear an insult and not retaliate than have the courage to fight back against someone stronger than yourself; we can always say we're not hurt by the stones others throw at us, and it's only at night - when we're alone and our wife or our husband or our school friend is asleep - that we can silently grieve over our own cowardice.
If ever you feel like an animal among men, be a lion.
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
Pride is holding your head up when everyone around you has theirs bowed. Courage is what makes you do it.
Courage cannot be left like bones in a bag. It must be brought out and shown the light again and again, growing stronger each time. If you think it will keep for the times you need it, you are wrong. It is like any other part of your strength. If you ignore it, the bag will be empty when you need it most.
I want to be someone strong and brave enough to make hard choices. But I want to be fair and loving enough to make the right ones.
Courage is like love, it must have hope for nourishment.
Besides we are men, and after all it is our business to risk our lives.
Expect trouble as an inevitable part of life, and when it comes, hold your head high, look it quarely in the eye and say, 'I will be bigger than you. You cannot defeat me.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
But there were worse things than disappointment, and I'd lived through several of them already.
summer, after all, is a time when wonderful things can happen to quiet people. for those few months, you’re not required to be who everyone thinks you are, and that cut-grass smell in the air and the chance to dive into the deep end of a pool give you a courage you don’t have the rest of the year. you can be grateful and easy, with no eyes on you, and no past. summer just opens the door and lets you out.
Every man gives his life for what he believes. Every woman gives her life for what she believes. Sometimes people believe in little or nothing, and so they give their lives to little or nothing. One life is all we have, and we live it as we believe in living it…and then it’s gone.But to surrender who you are and to live without belief is more terrible than dying – even more terrible than dying young.
This world demands the qualities of youth; not a time of life but a state of mind, a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination, a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the life of ease.
Do anything, save to lie down and die!
Will stopped glaring at Gabriel, and turned to Tessa. He looked at her and his face softened: the traces of the wild, broken boy he had been vanished, replaced with the expression often worn by the man he was now, who knew what it was to love and be loved. “Dear heart,” he said. He took her hand and kissed it. “Who knows your courage better than I?
My wish is to ride the tempest, tame the waves, kill the sharks. I will not resign myself to the usual lot of women who bow their heads and become concubines.
I am not a courageous person by nature. I have simply discovered that, at certain key moments in this life, you must find courage in yourself, in order to move forward and live. It is like a muscle and it must be exercised, first a little, and then more and more. All the really exciting things possible during the course of a lifetime require a little more courage than we currently have. A deep breath and a leap.
Courage and grace is a formidable mixture. The only place to see it is the bullring.
Everyone who has ever taken a shower has had an idea. It's theperson who gets out of the shower, dries off, and does somethingabout it that makes a difference.
If one is forever cautious, can one remain a human being?
There is no one more courageous than the person who speaks with the courage of his convictions.
In every crisis, doubt or confusion, take the higher path - the path of compassion, courage, understanding and love.
The key to life is accepting challenges. Once someone stops doing this, he's dead.
The liar was the hottest to defend his veracity, the coward his courage, the ill-bred his gentlemanliness, and the cad his honor
When you find your path, you must ignore fear. You need to have the courage to risk mistakes. But once you are on that road... run, run, run, and don't stop til you've reached its end.
That's what courage is. If she weren't scared, she wouldn't need courage in the first place." -Jo
Giving style” to one’s character - a great and rare art! It is exercised by those who see all the strengths and weaknesses of their own natures and then comprehend them in an artistic plan until everything appears as art and reason and even weakness delights the eye.
No one knows what you have been through or what your pretty little eyes have seen, but I can reassure you ~ whatever you have conquered, it shines through your mind.
Events may be horrible or inescapable. Men have always a choice - if not whether, then how, they may endure.
Anger is the prelude to courage.
Dread remorse when you are tempted to err, Miss Eyre; remorse is the poison of life.
Inside me, there is an organ more important than my heart. Although you can't see it, I feel it going right through my head and down to my legs, and I know that it exists inside me. It's the one that lets me stand up and walk forward. So that I can walk forward, without ever trembling. If I stopped here I feel like it would break...My soul would break. Even more than if my heart stops beating, to me that is the most important. Even if I become senile and my back gets bent, I still have to walk forward.
What worries you, masters you.
Courage originally meant "To speak one's mind by telling all one's heart.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
All this will not be finished in the first one hundred days. Nor will it be finished in the first one thousand days . . .nor even perhaps in our lifetime on this planet. But let us begin.
We ought to face our destiny with courage.
I lacked the courage to investigate the weaknesses of the wicked, because I discovered they are the same as the weaknesses of the saintly.
And only weaklings...who lack courage and the power to feel they're right when the whole world says they're wrong, ever lose.
We must have courage to bet on our ideas, to take the calculated risk, and to act. Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.
It is better by noble boldness to run the risk of being subject to half of the evils we anticipate than to remain in cowardly listlessness for fear of what might happen.
Asking's the easy bit. Then there's everything that comes after.
Because no matter what they say, you always have a choice. You just don’t always have the guts to make it.
Man conquers the world by conquering himself.
You are not an option, a choice or a soft place to land after a long battle. You were meant to be the one. If you can wrap yourself around the idea that you are something incredible, then you will stop excusing behavior that rapes your very soul. You were never meant to teach someone to love you. You were meant to be loved.
I’ve learned that sometimes, when you’re afraid but you keep on moving forward, that’s the biggest kind of courage there is.
If you don't know how to pronounce a word, say it loud!" (William Strunk) ... Why compound ignorance with inaudibility?
May we muster courage at the crossroads, courage for the conflicts, courage to say, "no," courage to say, "yes," for courage counts.
You might, from your appearance, be the wife of Lucifer,” said Miss Pross, in her breathing. “Nevertheless, you shall not get the better of me. I am an Englishwoman.
There are no brave men and cowardly men in the world, my son. There are only brave men. To be born, to live, to die—that takes courage enough in itself, and more than enough.We are all brave men and we are all afraid, and what the world calls a brave man, he too is brave and afraid like the all rest of us. Only he is brave for five minutes longer.
I learned not to fear infinity,The far field, the windy cliffs of forever,The dying of time in the white light of tomorrow,The wheel turning away from itself,The sprawl of the wave,The on-coming water.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
Occupation, curfew, settlements, closed military zone, administrative detention, siege, preventive strike, terrorist infrastructure, transfer. Their WAR destroys language. Speaks genocide with the words of a quiet technician.Occupation means that you cannot trust the OPEN SKY, or any open street near to the gates of snipers tower. It means that you cannot trust the future or have faith that the past will always be there.Occupation means you live out your live under military rule, and the constant threat of death, a quick death from a snipers bullet or a rocket attack from an M16.A crushing, suffocating death, a slow bleeding death in an ambulance stopped for hours at a checkpoint. A dark death, at a torture table in an Israeli prison: just a random arbitrary death.A cold calculated death: from a curable disease. A thousand small deaths while you watch your family dying around you.Occupation means that every day you die, and the world watches in silence. As if your death was nothing, as if you were a stone falling in the earth, water falling over water.And if you face all of this death and indifference and keep your humanity, and your love and your dignity and YOU refuse to surrender to their terror, then you know something of the courage that is Palestine.
Courage is holding on one minute longer than everyone else. Courage is stepping forward when every fiber of your being says step back. Courage is being willing to do the impossible because it is the right thing to do.
True courage is in facing danger when you are afraid...
But he'd learned long ago that a life lived without risks pretty much wasn't worth living. Life rewarded courage, even when that first step was taken neck-deep in fear.
The most important experiences a man can have are those that take him to the very limit; that is the only way we learn, because it requires all our courage.
Sooner or later even the fastest runners have to stand and fight.
An end in terror is preferable to terror without end.
All through my life, I have been tested. My will has been tested, my courage has been tested, my strength has been tested. Now my patience and endurance are being tested.
One man with courage makes a majority.
This is the time to remember that I’m the protagonist in my own story, facing every challenge with grace and wit.
To look at something as though we had never seen it before requires great courage.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
This isn't going to be pretty. Rules will be broken. Friendships will be tested. And huge risks will be taken. But they're small prices to pay for true love and freedom, right?
Somehow the killing of the giant spider, all alone by himself in the dark without the help of the wizard or the dwarves or of anyone else, made a great difference to Mr. Baggins. He felt a different person, and much fiercer and bolder in spite of an empty stomach, as he wiped his sword on the grass and put it back into its sheath.
My life has been long, and believing that life loves the liver of it, I have dared to try many things, sometimes trembling, but daring, still.
I don’t want Tiamat to go back,” said Jeremy sullenly. “I want her to stay here with me.”Miss Priest laughed. It was not a horrible laugh at all. “What a terrible idea!” she said. “Why do you want her to stay?”Because I love her. I don’t want to lose her.”Miss Priest reached out and took his chin in her hand. She looked into his eyes. “You silly boy,” she said. “Nothing you love is lost. Not really. Things, people—they always go away, sooner or later. You can’t hold them, any more than you can hold moonlight. But if they’ve touched you, if they’re inside you, then they’re still yours. The only things you ever really have are the ones you hold inside your heart.
To gain that which is worth having,it may be necessary to lose everything else.
Courage, I realised, was not the absence of fear: it was the absence of selfishness; putting someone else's interest before one's own.
Perhaps, she thought, that’s what love does. It’s not there to make you feel special. It’s to make you brave. It was like a ration pack in the desert, she thought, like a box of matches in a dark wood. Love and courage, thought Sophie—two words for the same thing.
Today we fight. Tomorrow we fight. The day after, we fight. And if this disease plans on whipping us, it better bring a lunch, 'cause it's gonna have a long day doing it.
It does not take courage to kill. It takes courage to live.
Somebody, after all, had to make a start. What we wrote and said is also believed by many others. They just don't dare express themselves as we did.
I knew that what I was seeking to discover was a thing I'd always known. That all courage was a form of constancy. That it was always himself that the coward abandoned first. After this all other betrayals came easily.
A lack of common sense usually ends in some heroic feat, much like the soldier who dives onto the grenade so that others may live.
Courage comes in different forms. There's strength--that's the muscle. But love's the heart. When you put them together, you can do anything.
I looked at Lucas with the pang that a parent feels when he knows his child will be hurt and that it's no one's fault and that to try to preempt the rites of passage is an act of contempt for the child's courage.
It don't matter what happens, if you're only srong and have great courage.
When there is no peril in the fight, there is no glory in the triumph.
Abstract words such as glory, honor, courage, or hallow were obscene beside the concrete names of villages, the numbers of roads, the names of rivers, the numbers of regiments and the dates.
I shall never again admire a merely brave man.
Don't wish to be normal. Wish to be yourself. To the hilt. Find out what you're best at, and develop it, and hopscotch your weaknesses. Wish to be great at whatever you are.
You can’t win unless you try to win, but you can lose by trying not to lose.
You make all kinds of mistakes, but as long as you are generous and true and also fierce, you cannot hurt the world or even seriously distress her.
If I charge, follow me. If I retreat, kill me. If I die, revenge me.
You didn’t get the quest you wanted, you got the one you could do.
Do not be afraid. Because if you let these fears consume you, you’ll most likely fail even before everything else starts.
People talk about the courage of condemned men walking to the place of execution: sometimes it needs as much courage to walk with any kind of bearing towards another person's habitual misery.
You will not be alone, I say to them, spinning to see their faces. You don't need to be afraid anymore. We want to take back our world. We want to save the lives of our family members, our friends. We want your children to have a chance at a better future. And we want to fight. We want to win. I lock eyes with them. And we are asking for your help.
When I was younger, I would cling to life because life was at the top of the turning wheel. But like the song of my gypsy-girl, the great wheel turns over and lands on a minor key. It is then that you come of age and life means nothing to you. To live, to die, to overdose, to fall in a coma in the street... it is all the same. It is only in the peach innocence of youth that life is at its crest on top of the wheel. And there being only life, the young cling to it, they fear death... And they should! ...For they are in life.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
Discouragement is not the absence of adequacy but the absence of courage.
Those who can truly be accounted brave are those who best know the meaning of what is sweet in life and what is terrible, and then go out, undeterred, to meet what is to come.
It is highly significant and indeed almost a rule, that moral courage has its source in such identification through one's own sensitivity with suffering of one's fellow human beings." (p. 16-17)
Courage is not a virtue or value among other personal values like love o fidelity. It is the foundations that underlies and gives reality to all other virtue and personal values. (p. 13)
Like a fellow running from or toward a gun ain't got time to worry whether the word for what he is doing is courage or cowardice.
I am, now as before, of the opinion that I did the best that I could do for my nation. I therefore do not regret my conduct and will bear the consequences that result from my conduct.
I don't care what people say about how I look or even their opinion on my relationship. But the moment you judge my character is when we have a problem.
Through each crisis in my life, with acceptance and hope, in a single defining moment, I finally gained the courage to do things differently.
Now, this is what the Lord says, "Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have summoned you by name; you are mine. When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and when you pass through the rivers, they will not sweep over you. When you walk through the fire, you will not be burned; the flames will not set you ablaze. For I am the Lord, your God, the Holy One of Israel, your Savior.
Pamela realizes for the first time in her life that she hadn't made the wrong choice at all. Nor had she made the right choice. She had simply made a choice. And somewhere along the way, she had lost the courage to live by it.
If you have the courage to love, then you should have the courage to suffer, too.
Absolute perfection is here and now, not in some future, near or far.The secret is in action - here and now.It is your behavior that blinds you to yourself.Disregard whatever you think yourself to be and act as if you were absolutely perfect- whatever your idea of perfection may be.All you need is courage.
The shortest route to courage is absolute ignorance.
September 11… I will never forget feeling scared and vulnerable… I will never forget feeling the deep sad loss of so many lives… I will never forget the smell of the smoke that reached across the water and delivered a deep feeling of doom into my gut… I will never forget feeling the boosted sense of unity and pride… I will never forget seeing the courageous actions of so many men and women… I will never forget seeing people of all backgrounds working together in community… I will never forget seeing what hate can destroy… I will never forget seeing what love can heal…
Question.""Yes," Candace asked expectantly, eyes fixed on the dark street ahead."Have you ever had to chose sides between a friend and a boyfriend?"Candace nodded."Which side are you suppose to pick?""The right one.""What if they're both right?""They're not.""But they are," Melody insisted. "That's the problem.""No." Candace slowly rolled past a police cruiser. "They both think they're right. But who do you think is right? Which side represents the thing you think is worth fighting for?"Melody glanced out the window as though she was expecting the answer to be revealed on a neighbor's lawn. Every house except hers had the lights turned off. "I dunno.""You do," Candace insisted. "You just don't have the courage to be honest with yourself. Because then you'd have to do the thing you don't want to do, and you hate doing anything that's hard. Which is why you gave up singing and why you have no life and why you've always been a -""Um okay! Can we get back to the part where you were sounding like Oprah?""I'm just saying, Melly, what would you do if you weren't afraid? That's your answer. That's your side." She turned into the circular driveway and put the SUV in PARK. "And if you don't choose it, you're lying to yourself and everyone around you." She opened the door and grabbed her purse. "Oprah out!"The door slammed behind her.
Perhaps a hero is someone who doesn’t register his own vulnerability. Is it courage, then, if you’re too daft to know you’re mortal?
Remember no man is really defeated unless he is discouraged.
If "Manners maketh man," as someone saidThen he's the hero of the dayIt takes a man to suffer ignorance and smileBe yourself, no matter what they
Spontaneous insanity is the real bliss! It's sad that we are honored for playing sane, serious, safe, miserable and controlling in this poor world.
Being brave...is not always being unafraid. Maybe it's more like doing what you know is right even when you're too tired. Or scared. It's going on and doing it anyway...even when you think you can't take one more step.
The Detective was different. Not that he wasn't a good man; Willie had heard enough about him to understand that he was the kind who didn't like to turn away from another's pain, the kind who couldn't put a pillow over his ears to drown out the cries of strangers. Those scars he had were badges of courage, and Willie knew that there were others hidden beneath his clothes, and still more deep inside, right beneath the skin and down to the soul. No, it was just that whatever goodness was there coexisted with rage and grief and loss.
[C]ourage is reckoned the greatest of all virtues; because, unless a man has that virtue, he has no security for preserving any other.
You f*#ked my v*g*na, you wanted to think that you f#*ked my mind, but unlike you, D*ck, my mind doesn't lie between my two legs. ~ Subhangi Tyagi
Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you. However, if it taught you to hold onto grudges, seek revenge, not forgive or show compassion, to categorize people as good or bad, to distrust and be guarded with your feelings then you didn’t learn a thing. God doesn’t bring you lessons to close your heart. He brings you lessons to open it, by developing compassion, learning to listen, seeking to understand instead of speculating, practicing empathy and developing conflict resolution through communication. If he brought you perfect people, how would you ever learn to spiritually evolve?
Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage.
Good story' means something worth telling that the world wants to hear. Finding this is your lonely task...But the love of a good story, of terrific characters and a world driven by your passion, courage, and creative gifts is still not enough. Your goal must be a good story well told.
Being a hero, the man had observed, is largely a matter of knowing one’s cues.
Forgiveness takes intelligence, discipline, imagination, and persistence, as well as a special psychological strength, something athletes call mental toughness and warriors call courage.
It is necessary to any originality to have the courage to be an amateur.
So most people go around with grimy machinery, when all it would take is a bit of spit and polish to make them paladins once more, bold knights and true.
Many would be cowards if they had courage enough.
Courage is stepping forward when all you can see is darkness.
Courage is the thing. All goes if courage
You can't be afraid of stepping on toes if you want to go dancing.
Always be bold in everything you do, because boldness has genius, power and magic in it which makes impossibility possible
The answer to every adversity lies in courageously moving forward with faith.
Courage is nothing to laugh at, not if it is proper courage and exercised by men who know what they do is proper. Proper courage is wise courage. It's acting wisely, acting wisely when fear would have a man act otherwise. It is the endurance of the soul in spite of fear - wisely.
When one has nothing to lose, one becomes courageous. We are timid only when there is something we can still cling to.
Today I am someone different. Today I have finally become who I really am.
The real test of love is loving those who we feel are the hardest ones to love.
Love is the most difficult and dangerous form of courage. Courage is the most desperate, admirable and noble kind of love.
Courage is more important than to be deceived by shallow victory waiting for a delayed defeat.
You ruin your life by desensitizing yourself. We are all afraid to say too much, to feel too deeply, to let people know what they mean to us. Caring is not synonymous with crazy. Expressing to someone how special they are to you will make you vulnerable. There is no denying that. However, that is nothing to be ashamed of. There is something breathtakingly beautiful in the moments of smaller magic that occur when you strip down and are honest with those who are important to you. Let that girl know that she inspires you. Tell your mother you love her in front of your friends. Express, express, express. Open yourself up, do not harden yourself to the world, and be bold in who, and how you love. There is courage in that.
Chin up, Ferdinand," I kept saying to myself, to keep up my courage. "What with being chucked out of everywhere, you're sure to find whatever it is that scares all those bastards so. It must be at the end of the night, and that's why they're so dead set against going to the end of the night.
And for me, it means honoring those who've loved me and sacrificed for me by choosing to be the kind of warrior who delivers justice even when it threatens to hurt me.
She fastened the invisible corset of her composure snugly around herself and prepared to move forward with her plan.
Love is like life with or without justice, with or without fairness.
All of us, at some point in life, get brilliant ideas...only a few of us have the courage to take the next step.
The acorn becomes an oak by means of automatic growth
There is no avoidance in delay.
Quests always have their ups and downs,' rumbled the giant. 'The point is never to give up, even if you're falling off a cliff. You never know what might happen on the way to the bottom.
They say the only way you can truly kill a Celestra is by fire. I would gladly lend myself to the flames to peer down eternally over this sinful disgrace of a planet that houses cowards such as these.
You can't really know what you are made of until you are tested.
The bravest thing you can do when you are not brave is to profess courage and act accordingly.
A good conscience is eight parts of courage.
Who has the courage to set right those misperceptions that bring us love?
The Coward will run away from danger, only to strike in the dark. The Heroine will run through the dark, even though she knows the coward is waiting to strike.
There are moments in our lives when we summon the courage to make choices that go against reason, against common sense and the wise counsel of people we trust.
be bold to face the battle, if you win then you are lucky and if you loose then you will be wise....
Nothing but courage can guide life.
I aine never seen a fox before. So, why should I be scared of you and I don't even-now know you a real fox for a fact?
It is stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it is close upon you.
He looked up at the reddening sky and said with a self-deprecating laugh, "You put me to shame, Seraphina. Your bravery always has.""It's not bravery; it's bullheaded bumbling."He shook his head, staring off into the middle distance. "I know courage when I see it, and when I lack it.
Scarlett's mind went back through the years to the still hot noon at Tara when grey smoke curled above a blue-clad body and Melanie stood at the top of the stairs with Charles' sabre in her hand. Scarlett remembered that she had thought at the time: 'How silly! Melly couldn't even heft that sword!' But now she knew that had the necessity arisen, Melanie would have charged down those stairs and killed the Yankee - or been killed herself.
The fact is that in order to do anything in this world worth doing, we must not stand shivering on the bank thinking of the cold and the danger, but jump in and scramble through as well as we can.
Things are always given to us when we need them (Acheron)." "That's so not true," Wulf said. "Actually it is. You just have to decide if you're strong enough, brave enough, to seize it and make ityours (Acheron).
They sell courage of a sort in the taverns. And another sort, though not for sale, a man can find in the confessional. Try the alehouses and the churches, Hugh. In either a man can be quiet and think.
He never gave up. And he does that for us
The word that came to me now was "defiant." Because a person had to be defiant to be able to stand amid the wreckage of her life and instead of shaking a fist, pick up a hammer.
Courage for the big troubles in life, lad' he'd say, 'and patience for the small. Be of good cheer. God is awake.
The only way I could endure being a coward was if I was the only one who knew it.
Sometimes you just have to put everything you got outthere and screw the consequences. Sometimes you have to jump and trust someone else to catch you. Sometimes you have to put your dignityaside and beg
Courage is to walk hand in hand with the fear!
Courage is a sort of insistence on the value of life and the worth of transient things.
A sword wields no strength unless the hand that holds it has courage
Macbeth:If we should fail?Lady Macbeth:We fail?But screw your courage to the sticking place,And we'll not fail.
Boys [should be] inured from childhood to trifling risks and slight dangers of every possible description, such as tumbling into ponds and off of trees, etc., in order to strengthen their nervous system... They ought to practice leaping off heights into deep water. They ought never to hesitate to cross a stream over a narrow unsafe plank for fear of a ducking. They ought never to decline to climb up a tree, to pull fruit merely because there is a possibility of their falling off and breaking their necks. I firmly believe that boys were intended to encounter all kinds of risks, in order to prepare them to meet and grapple with risks and dangers incident to man’s career with cool, cautious self-possession...
Courage, Love, Illusion (or dream, if you will) -- he who possesses all three, or two, or at least one of these things wins whatever there is to win; those who lack all three are the failures.
Courage is not beating up the bully or letting the bully beat you up, it is standing strong before the bully and seeing him for what he truly is: a child of God in need of an attitude adjustment.
There is no magic herb that makes a brave man. Courage is knowing that what you do is necessary. Don't doubt yourself, Shadow. There is more valor in your heart than you realize.
Courage~ What makes the flag on the mast to wave? What makes the elephant charge his tusk in the misty mist, or the dusky dusk? What makes the muskrat guard his musk? Courage! What makes the sphinx the seventh wonder? Courage! What makes the dawn come up like thunder? Courage! What makes the Hottentot so hot? What puts the "ape" in apricot?~Cowardly Lion from the Wizard of Oz
It wasn't who a person believed himself to be or what he pretended he would do in a given situation. It was what he did when he got there that defined him.
Valor consists in the power of self-recovery, so that a man cannot have his flank turned, cannot be out-generalled, but put him where you will, he stands. This can only be by his preferring truth to his past apprehension of truth; and his alert acceptance of it, from whatever quarter; the intrepid conviction that his laws, his relations to society, his Christianity, his world may at any time be superseded and decease.
Thought you could kill my Snow-on-the-Mountain, did you? Well, Jessie says that the top's growing back out. Next time you'll know how to do it right, won't you? You'll pull it up by the roots, won't you?
He was lost. He knew it. He had neither the size nor the strength to defeat her, and she had him cornered. But he would fight. He was a warrior, the prince-son of the unicorns, and he meant to go down fighting. There would be no songs to mark his death; and none of his people would even know. But he had saved Korr and the others of the band. It was noon — they were safe out of the hills by now, and none of the rest of it mattered.
Courage consists, not in blindly overlooking danger, but in seeing and conquering it.
Where there is love there is courage,where there is courage there is peace,where there is peace there is God.And when you have God, you have everything.
Every man needs his Siren To check his courage and strength When he hears her song In his travels through the unknown.
you say you have no courage, but i see it in you. what you did, the burden you agreed to shoulder, took courage. for that, i honor you.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s dream was a manifestation of hope that humanity might one day get out of its own way by finding the courage to realize that love and nonviolence are not indicators of weakness but gifts of significant strength.
So she became a woman who held her head high, not in arrogance, or contempt, but because she knew that it was a form of cowardice to make a choice and then pretend you didn’t really make it
Laughing in the face of danger doesn't negate the fear, it simply enables you to smile at it.
Stop walking with a ‘calendar’. It’s capable of ruining your fate, by showing you the date & limiting your courage, by reminding you of your age.
Come on! Think of Miandad hitting that six off Sharma. If he could do that, you can do this.
Ordinary courage is about putting our vulnerability on the line. In today’s world, that’s pretty extraordinary.
I have a deep appreciation for anything that challenges my morality. I tend to wonder which thing or person might overpower my beliefs and would I avoid it altogether in order to say, "It didn't conquer me," or would I accept the challenge head-on in an attempt to prevail? Which requires greater courage?
If the amount of times we get up is just one less than the amount of times that we've been knocked down, then we're spending our lives lying down.
A journey to the unknown shores needs a port, a ship, a wind; but more important than all of them: Courage; courage to leave the known for the unknown!
Oh, my god, he thought, realizing why he had always felt negatively towards Eden. She reminds me of my mother. The thought made his throat close up tight. He mused about the day's events. What a ride. Edward had surprised him. The man had courage, committing to love. What had he said to that starlet, none of it meant anything?
It is not so easy as running and not running.
As a man begins to understand the sacrifices he must make to live the life he dreams of, he often loses his courage for such a life.
Let the man who has to make his fortune in life remember this maxim. Attacking is his only secret. Dare, and the world always yields: or, if it beat you sometimes, dare again, and it will succumb.
Courage comes with action. The minute you step forward, the minute you declare your decision, the minute you say, "This is how it's going to go," courage comes. It floods through you and energizes every single fiber of your being. You don't have to wait for it. It'll be there.
The only way to vanquish cowardice is to brandish courage.
When you feel deep, paralyzing fear and you don't let it stop you, that is true courage. There's never bravery without fear. Just as there's no love without hate. (M'Adoc)
Courage is not walking into battle with no fear - you should know this as a soldier. Courage is feeling great fear, but walking forward anyway.Lady Lavender by Lynna Banning
Like all bullies and marauders, Gos was a coward at heart
I told her I loved the howling sound of her harmonica. That seemed to be the limit of my courage that night, and even those spoken words had to struggle their way out of my mouth. It's all very well for words to build bridges, but sometimes I think it's a matter of knowing when to do it. Knowing when the time's right.
What do you mean? What do you demand of your captain? Are you then so easily turned from your design? Did you not call this a glorious expedition? And wherefore was it glorious? Not because the way was smooth and placid as a southern sea, but because it was full of dangers and terror; because at every new incident your fortitude was to be called forth and your courage exhibited; because danger and death surrounded it, and these you were to brave and overcome. For this was it a glorious, for this was it an honourable undertaking. You were hereafter to be hailed as the benefactors of your species; your names adored as belonging to brave men who encountered death for honour and the benefit of mankind. And now, behold, with the first imagination of danger, or, if you will, the first mighty and terrific trial of your courage, you shrink away, and are content to be handed down as men who had not strength enough to endure cold and peril; and so, poor souls, they were chilly and returned to their warm firesides. Why that requires not this preparation; ye need not have come thus far, and dragged your captain to the shame of a defeat, merely to prove yourselves cowards. Oh! be men, or be more than men. Be steady to your purposes and firm as a rock. This ice is not made of such stuff as your hearts may be; it is mutable and cannot withstand you if you say that it shall not. Do not return to your families with the stigma of disgrace marked on your brows. Return as heroes who have fought and conquered, and who know not what it is to turn their backs on the foe.
We don't move with our legs and arms, but with courage and will power.
He squinted at her. He recalled the tears in her eyes that had not fallen into her teacup. No, it wasn’t a revelation. Not even to him. Yet, this was the same woman who had stolen a camel right out from under the Anti-Zionist army’s nose. She’d taken his hand, thrown herself down a sand dune on a dare, and then beaten him back up it. She’d glared at him and refused to part from his side. A coward? “Never,” he said again.
Let nothing human be foreign to me
Terrorism isn't a crime against people or property. It's a crime against our minds, using the death of innocents and destruction of property to make us fearful. Terrorists use the media to magnify their actions and further spread fear. And when we react out of fear, when we change our policy to make our country less open, the terrorists succeed -- even if their attacks fail. But when we refuse to be terrorized, when we're indomitable in the face of terror, the terrorists fail -- even if their attacks succeed.
A strong life force can be seen in physical vitality, courage, competent judgment, self-mastery, sexual vigor, and the realization of each person’s unique talents and purpose in life. To maintain a powerful life force, forget yourself, forget about living and dying, and bring your full attention into this moment.
I was very timid, and bound as with chains in a man-fearing spirit. When I arose to testify I trembled like a leaf, and began to make excuses - O God, send someone else! Then the Lord in a vision caused me to see the bottomless pit open in all its horror and woe. There was weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth. It was surrounded by a great multitude of people who seemed unconscious of their danger, and without a moments warning they would tumble into this awful place. I was above the people on a narrow plank-walk, which wound up toward heaven; and I was exhorting and pleading with the people to come upon the plank and escape that awful place. Several started.There was a beautiful bright light above me, and I was encouraging them to follow that light and they would go straight to heaven."In all these trials God was preparing me and opening the way for the great battle against the enemy of souls and now the great desire of my heart was to work for Jesus. I longed to win a star for the Savior's crown.
There is a heady sense of manhood that comes from advancing from apathy to commitment, from timidity to courage, from passivity to aggressiveness. There is an intoxication that comes from standing up to the police at last.
I am not sure I can.""Become sure," said the cat, his eyes flashing green in the firelight. "Once you leap on a boar's back, you can't sheath your claws.
Why did you marry Dad, Mom?" My mother sniffled through her nose, looked at me, then smiled. "I wanted something more and he was it. We both had big dreams." "That must have taken a lot of courage," I said. "To marry Dad. He was so different from you.""It was hardly courageous. It was just the only thing to do. We were in love.
Often the test of courage becomes rather to live than to die.
Launching a turnaround takes courage. I cannot measure that and so it is not going to be included in my analysis, but behind the moments of change there are always a few people within these societies who have decided to try to make a difference.
A hero can be afraid, but a hero never runs away.
What a fine fellow is Quincey! I believe in my heart of hearts that he suffered as much about Lucy’s death as any of us, but he bore himself through it like a moral Viking. If America can go on breeding men like that, she will be a power in the world indeed.
Nearly all men have weak hearts, in one way or another.
I'll show then that Anne Frank wasn't born yesterday
She put her tongue out and felt the raw edges of the torn silk. She looped her tongue around them and drew them into her teeth. Just a little bit, she thought, that's all I need to free my eyelids. She pulled the tasteless web between her teeth and ground, pulling her jaw down in a grimace - it felt as it she was eating the very skin off her face. But the silk over her eyelids shifted.
Fighting can be like champagne. It can go to the head of a coward as quickly as of a hero. Anyone has the ability to be brave on a battlefield; when you are forced with the choice of: Be brave or... be killed.You may not realize it, but most of us have the chance to be heroes off the battlefield. When we take a stance and find our inner courage, instead of looking the other direction when we encounter evilness or oppression.
To be saved is to believe in one's own courage.
People often silence themselves, or "agree to disagree" without fully exploring the actual nature of the disagreement, for the sake of protecting a relationship and maintaining connection. But when we avoid certain conversations, and never fully learn how the other person feels about all of the issues, we sometimes end up making assumptions that not only perpetuate but deepen misunderstandings, and that can generate resentment.
I could've been your everythingbut you didn't have the courageto love me in the way I needed
A man faced death, but when death drew back forgot it until the next time.
Keep going, keep going, keep going! You're going to have crappy days, you're going to have days where you lose vision or confidence. You're going to have those days were everything seems 1 step forward and 3 steps back. You're going to have unexpected chaos and turmoil. Are you going to let that derail you? No. You've made a firm decision to go after your dreams. That firm decision means to keep going no matter what. Life doesn't just stop and nor should you. You know you want something, that you truly want something, if you're willing to endure all the pain and grief along the way. You either make a decision or you don't. If you do, that means sticking by it. Riding it out. Don't give up. All things have good and bad. There is no easy street. Everything good takes work. If you want a better life, you have to work for it. Some days it will be easier work than others. Accept that. Work with it. Keep going!
You're stronger than you think. Even if something pushes you to the breaking point, even if you may need to make a conscious effort to just cope: It's in you, to survive. It may help to break it down into smaller time segments. If you can try to just make it through the next minute, the next five minutes, the next half an hour. With each success, try and lengthen the amount of time. Carry the firm belief in your heart and mind that it will get better. Just that belief is so very strong. Just believing it will get better will have an influence. Sometimes, you'll push through just short spans of time, but as you do, realize that you are capable of doing it. You can do this. Look back at things that you have already gone through in your life and know you survived. You can survive this too. You are so strong. You are just having a challenging moment. It's not forever. You will get to the other side. Believe in yourself. Have faith in yourself. Never give up. It's not an option. Try and ask yourself: "How best can I get through this difficult situation? Is there anything I can do in terms of self-care?" Try to be very gentle with yourself. If you cry, accept it was just something that you needed to do. No judgment. In your most challenging days, make an extra effort to be that friend to yourself, you so need. Please, if you're facing a difficult time at least be nice to yourself. Take it one step at a time. Keep hope and faith alive in your heart. Believe it will get better. Do anything you can to help yourself through in the best way possible. You are stronger than you think.
When you have nothing left, you don’t have anything to lose.
The bottom line is that no matter what you’ve experiencedin life, no matter what kind of trauma you’ve been through,no matter what bad decisions you’ve made, if you accept therealities of your situation, you can properly address them witha plan and with action.
Whatever you do, please don’t do anything reckless. These are very powerful people, some of which are very dangerous.” She hesitates, then continues. “This is a government agency, and you’re just…” She trails off, and I have a feeling that I know what she’s going to say.“I’m just an office assistant,” I mutter, repeating Gideon’s words.“No. I was going to say that you’re too in love with my daughter to think rationally.
Have the courage to contribute imperfectly and authentically in a world that is quick to criticize.
It takes a lot of courage to be real and raw, to not hide or pretend, to reveal the real you, the true you. This life is yours, to live as you. Brave the courage.
It is remarkable how much courage it takes to kiss someone, even when you are almost certain that person would very mush like to be kissed by you. Doubt will knock you from the sky every time.
Every country needs its whistleblowers. They are crucial to a healthy society. The employee who, in the public interest, has the independence of judgement and the personal courage to challenge malpractice or illegality is a kind of public hero.
Many crumble and forget their morals when presented with their pieces of silver. Standing up for what you believe has real dignity too.
Human courage was different from Amazon bravery. She saw that now. For all the suspicion and derision she'd heard from her mother and her sisters about the mortal world, Diana couldn't help but admire the people with whom she traveled. Their lives were violent, precarious, fragile, but they fought for them anyway, and held to the hope that their brief stay on this earth might count for something. That faith was worth preserving.
We need to talk about the hierarchy of grief. You hear it all the time—no grief is worse than any other. I don’t think that’s one bit true. There is a hierarchy of grief. Divorce is not the same as the death of a partner. Death of a grandparent is notthe same as the death of a child. Losing your job is not the same as losing a limb.Here’s the thing: every loss is valid. And every loss is not the same. You can’t flatten the landscape of grief and say thateverything is equal. It isn’t.It’s easier to see when we take it out of the intensely personal: stubbing your toe hurts. It totally hurts. For a moment, the pain can be all-consuming. You might even hobble for a while. Having your foot ripped off by a passingfreight train hurts, too. Differently. The pain lasts longer. The injury needs recovery time, which may be uncertain or complicated. It affects and impacts your life moving forward. You can’t go back to the life you had before you became aone-footed person. No one would say these two injuries are exactly the same.
A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day.Aragorn, The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King
As a CIO, you are the first to step into traffic, to stand alone during a period of change before people come on board. That takes personal courage...Traditionally, in IT, we like to please. But IT is not a popularity contest; it's a reality show where we often have to deliver tough information...Being a CIO means having the courage not to cut corners to please a stakeholder and delivering the hard message that this is not a risk we're willing to take.
The greatest courage is to love, to reach beyond the self openly, to expand the very idea of self until it is too large to be named. All other courage is false courage. All else is hiding, a desire for protection.
Henry knew sin was a challenge to life; not an act of unreason, but an act of courage and determination.
You learn to be resilient, to survive when you know you are capable of making worthy contribution to the world; you fight it when you have nothing to lose and so much to gain.
Here and there a man respected the operator. Instinctively the man felt in him a glowing resentment of something he had not the courage to resent.
By all means, somebody will oppose it, but if only it is a noble cause pleasant to God, you have no reason to retreat!
I was alone alright. And life surely had been a hard trial for me, so far. From the time mama and Katie fell sick, life had been one misery after another.But here I was. Still with breath in my lungs. And blood in my veins. And memories and voices in my heart. Good ones. And life was going on, all around me. With or without me, it was going on.It weren't a matter of the whole thing stopping or the whole thing going on. The whole thing was going on. It was only a matter of me standing up and deciding what part I had to play in it all.I could be the quitting kind. Or not. I could be the kind of man my mama and papa had raised, or not.I rose to my feet and did the best I could to scrape the worst of the mud off my coat and pants."Sarah's going to be somebody's horse," I said to myself. "And I'm sure as hell gonna make sure she's mine.
There's no way to know what's going to happen, Folly. But we'll blood well be on our feet when it does.
Your willingness to create a change in beliefs, a shift in energy, an acceptance of where you are, and the courage to make the right choices for yourself will make you into the hero you were always destined to be.
We can sit in our corners mute forever while our sisters and our selves are distorted and destroyed, while our earth is poisoned; we can sit in our safe corners mute as bottles, and we will still be no less afraid.
There will always be someone who can't see your worth.Don't let it be you
Never worry what others say when you walk away from all the drama. Be grateful you had the strength and courage to stay out of the conflict and be at peace with your choices.
Sometimes, all someone needs is for someone to believe in them. Be that person. Whether it is for yourself or for someone else. Sometimes, that is all the encouragement we need to brave our own courage. The one person you must believe in is yourself. Believe in your potential!
Once bitten, twice alert.. Don't shy away.
Courage?" I gave a very soft laugh. "I find courage is just another of life's illusions. In the end, we all do what we must.
A world without heroes is only a world with either mere men or men with wit and courage who never had the courage to take steps that could write great and amazing stories of life!
It is the kind of stoicism which had been seen as characteristic of Anglo-Saxon poetry, perhaps nowhere better expressed than in 'The Battle of Maldon' where the most famous Saxon or English cry has been rendered - 'Courage must be the firmer, heart the bolder, spirit must be the greater, as our strength grows less'. That combination of bravery and fatalism, endurance and understatement, is the defining mood of Arhurian legend.
We want a few mad people now. See where the sane ones have landed us!
I’m just saying that you live every day like you’re challenging death to come find you, and other people live their days seeing death waiting for them everywhere.” He lifted up his glasses, rubbing the bridge of his nose while he talked. “It’s taking her a lot more than it would take you or me to sit in that car.
It needs strength to stay silent, but it needs courage to confide in somebody.
One needs confidence in the morning and courage at night.
The very fact that these doctors continuing to be doctors--highly successful ones--despite their errors and their accompanying assaults on their self-definion would itself be a potent lesson to the students and interns. It is possible to hold one's head up after an error, to admit that errors are part and parcel of human existence, even in medicine. It is possible to see the error as an aspect of oneself, not the defining characteristic of oneself.
Damsel," said the Prince, bowing to her. "You are of a high courage, and therefore, I doubt not, you come of a noble blood in your own world.
I'd like to somehow find the courage to be on the outside who I am on the inside.
A man's life is about keeping rules, breaking them, and making new ones.
With craziness of mind, I have courage to live as I wish.
She, on the other hand, seized things, truly wanted them, was passionate about them, played for all or nothing, and wasn’t afraid of contempt, mockery, spitting, beatings.
Know that you are enough, so that if a person tries to make you feel beneath them, you'll have the courage to walk away.
You do not carry the cross. Instead you are all crucified on the timber of your sufficiency, which is given to you, the more you insist, the more you bleed: it suits you to say you carry the cross like a sacred duty, whereas you are heavy with the weight of your necessities. Have the courage not to admit those necessities and lift yourselves up for your own sakes.
I know that in the end you'll overwhelm me, but I'll still fight you as long as there's a breath in my body... Yes, you've robbed me of everything: the laurels of glory, the roses of love! But there's one thing you can't take away from me. When I go to meet God this evening, and doff my hat before the lofty gates, my salute will sweep the blue threshold of heaven, because I'll still have one thing intact, without a stain, something that I'll take with me in spite of you: My white plume.
A man of courage is in command of himself.
But there is one person who expected the unexpected from me and the only time I noticed disappointment on his face was when I cowered like a sheep. And I had to take a moment to figure out I'm not ashamed of him. It's him who should be ashamed of me.  I've put Razor in an unfair position. He introduced me to his world. Welcomed me with open arms. Made me feel like I belonged and I've asked him to keep a secret when doing so is killing him. And I told him that we would be over...I did the exact thing to him that Clara did to me and that's not okay. No part of it is okay.
A counterfeit can never be a substitute for the real thing
Do you have the courage? Do you have the courage to bring forth this work? The treasures that are hidden inside you are hoping you will say yes." (quoting Jack Gilbert)
It is brave to believe that you are a unique, precious young lady no matter what your feelings might be saying.
And indeed, if we had only the courage to listen to the simplest, the nearest, most pressing voice of our conscience, and be deaf to all else, it were doubtless our solitary duty to relieve the suffering about us to the greatest extent in our power.
It is well to believe that there needs but a little more thought, a little more courage, more love, more devotion to life, a little more eagerness, one day to fling open wide the portals of joy and of truth.
CourageIt is in the small things we see it.The child's first step,as awesome as an earthquake.The first time you rode a bike,wallowing up the sidewalk.The first spanking when your heartwent on a journey all alone.When they called you crybabyor poor or fatty or crazyand made you into an alien,you drank their acidand concealed it.Later,if you faced the death of bombs and bulletsyou did not do it with a banner,you did it with only a hat tocover your heart.You did not fondle the weakness inside youthough it was there.Your courage was a small coalthat you kept swallowing.If your buddy saved youand died himself in so doing,then his courage was not courage,it was love; love as simple as shaving soap.
No one would speak, so Terence took a deep breath, let it out slowly, and said, "My liege?""Yes, Terence?""Twenty years ago I decided I would die for you. I may not be able to do that tomorrow, but if I can't, I can at least die beside you.
Bravery comes along as a gradual accumulation of discipline
It will be very hard. You’ll make a million mistakes, and you’ll pay for them all, one way or another. But the hard parts will be your parts, they won’t be hard parts other people have imposed on you for their own reasons, or maybe for no reason at all. And your ownership of them – your responsibility to and for them – makes all the difference in the world.
Sacrifice isn't supposed to be easy ... but it should come that way.
His insights have come to him through a crack in the veneer of civilization, which was also a crack in his own soul. He had the courage to look in this direction.
You don’t know what your account balance of personal courage is until that situation presents itself where that check needs to be written and cashed
These days, a sling of truth, still can make Goliath fall.
A good author is he who isn’t afraid to speak his mind; he who dictates the art of the verse. A scribbler who merely keeps quiet and enjoys being lauded is nothing but a reader with nothing of importance to do. He whose written word trickles from his wounds into the world and onto paper is not afraid to both praise and criticize, this is what he strives towards.
The strangest of our powersIs the courage to liveKnowing that we will die,Knowing nothing more
Sometimes the thing you think will fix everything ruins it instead. And sometimes what hurts you has to tear you apart before it makes you stronger.
Thank you for telling me fairy tales, but also for teaching me how to face the battle I'd need to win in real life.
The greatest act of courage is to be and to own all of who you are — without apology, without excuses, without masks to cover the truth of who you are.
Whatever strength, courage... madness keeps us going, we find it, in times like these. You have it, soldier. It's what kept you alive all this time.
True courage comes not just from feeling confident and strong, but from being the honest, authentic expression of yourself. Think about how audacious it is to really believe in yourself. It tathat your presence on this earth matters.
No matter how deep the night is, there will always be a daylight. MAWUKO
You have been chosen, and you must therefore use such strength and heart and wits as you have.
Without craziness, there is no courage.
...[Y]ou know very well the truth of what I [say]... I have incurred a great deal of bitter hostility; and this is what will bring about my destruction, if anything does... the slander and jealousy of a very large section of the people. They have been fatal to a great many other innocent men, and I suppose will continue to be so; there is no likelihood that they will stop at me. But perhaps someone will say 'Do you feel no compunction, Socrates, at having followed a line of action which puts you in danger of the death-penalty?' I might fairly reply to him 'You are mistaken, my friend, if you think that a man who is worth anything ought to spend his time weighing up the prospects of life and death. He has only one thing to consider in performing any action; that is, whether he is acting rightly or wrongly, like a good man or a bad one...['] The truth of the matter is this, gentlemen. Where a man has once taken up his stand, either because it seems best to him or in obedience to his orders, there I believe he is bound to remain and face the danger, taking no account of death or anything else before dishonour.
Suppose... that you acquit me... Suppose that, in view of this, you said to me 'Socrates, on this occasion we shall disregard Anytus and acquit you, but only on one condition, that you give up spending your time on this quest and stop philosophizing. If we catch you going on in the same way, you shall be put to death.' Well, supposing, as I said, that you should offer to acquit me on these terms, I should reply 'Gentlemen, I am your very grateful and devoted servant, but I owe a greater obedience to God than to you; and so long as I draw breath and have my faculties, I shall never stop practicing philosophy and exhorting you and elucidating the truth for everyone that I meet. I shall go on saying, in my usual way, "My very good friend, you are an Athenian and belong to a city which is the greatest and most famous in the world for its wisdom and strength. Are you not ashamed that you give your attention to acquiring as much money as possible, and similarly with reputation and honour, and give no attention or thought to truth and understanding and the perfection of your soul?" And if any of you disputes this and professes to care about these things, I shall not at once let him go or leave him; no, I shall question him and examine him and test him; and if it appears that in spite of his profession he has made no real progress towards goodness, I shall reprove him for neglecting what is of supreme importance, and giving his attention to trivialities. I shall do this to everyone that I meet, young or old, foreigner or fellow-citizen; but especially to you my fellow-citizens, inasmuch as you are closer to me in kinship. This, I do assure you, is what my God commands; and it is my belief that no greater good has ever befallen you in this city than my service to my God; for I spend all my time going about trying to persuade you, young and old, to make your first and chief concern not for your bodies nor for your possessions, but for the highest welfare of your souls, proclaiming as I go 'Wealth does not bring goodness, but goodness brings wealth and every other blessing, both to the individual and to the State.' ...And so, gentlemen, I would say, 'You can please yourselves whether you listen to Anytus or not, and whether you acquit me or not; you know that I am not going to alter my conduct, not even if I have to die a hundred deaths.
...[S]ome of the opinions which people entertain should be respected, and others should not.
You need energy and purpose to become the person you’re destined to be.
Stand up for your beliefs, and be different.
Appear On Your Fear, It Will Disappear
All good things are borne from evil, just like good people. It’s very rare that someone does things purely out of the goodness of their heart. Most need something to fight against, something to drive them forward in order to create a light in what will always be a very dark world.
What--has O-Tar seen an ulsio and fainted?" demanded I-Gos with broad sarcasm."Men have died for less than that, ancient one," E-Thas reminded him."I am safe," retorted I-Gos, "for I am not a brave and popular son of the jeddak of Manator.
You're only a victim to the degree of what your perception allows.
The most powerful and courageous heroes I know are those who bite their tongues when justification, validation, temptation, or vengeance would have them strike with truthful, hurtful words.
Let your conscience be your scripture and your actions be your religion. Let the humans be your church and compassion be your worship. Let love be your gospel and acceptance be your revelation.
Courage doesn’t defeat fear or erase fear or adjust to fear. Courage acts, plain and simple, in the midst of fear.
Mad fearlessness is not courage. The only requirement for courage is a good heart.
The Kingdom of God is, in reality, the mental kingdom of a conscientious, compassionate and courageous human.
Chance favours the bold.
In life, courage is sometimes to enter through the door and sometimes it is to walk out the door!
Found myself kneeling in Your presenceSeeking Your wisdom and embraceLetting go all the fears and found peaceYou put joy in my heart that my soul endlessly rejoices
Compromise is a choice. As is the defence of one’s self.
Courage isn’t being a dragon. Neither is it behaving like a dragon. Nor is it taking up arms to fight and defeat dragons. Courage is being a lamb standing with poise among dragons.
The American soldiers were brave, but courage is not enough. David did not kill Goliath just because he was brave. He looked up at Goliath and realized that if he fought Goliath’s way with a sword, Goliath would kill him. But if he picked up a rock and put it in his sling, he could hit Goliath in the head and knock Goliath down and kill him. David used his mind when he fought Goliath. So did we Vietnamese when we had to fight the Americans.
The encouraging thing is that every time you meet a situation, though you may think at the time it is an impossibility and you go through the tortures of the damned, once you have met it and lived through it you find that forever after you are freer than you ever were before. If you can live through that, you can live through anything. You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face.
To those of you with your years of service still ahead, the challenge is yours. Stop doubting yourselves. Have the courage to make up your minds and hold your decisions. Refuse to be BOUGHT for a nickel, or a million dollars, or a job!
My generation of radicals and breakers-down never found anything to take the place of the old virtues of work and courage and the old graces of courtesy and politeness.
Sometimes there are no words to help one's courage. Sometimes you just have to jump.
If you can't appreciate the full worth of my courage, you can't admire my mastery.
When you lack the courage to publicly defend biblical truth, it is a clear testimony that you lack the Holy Spirit. The gift of the Holy Spirit is a gift of no fear.
...if we somehow find the courage to go directly into the discomfort - even the discomfort of illness, pain, old age, and death - we might discover something unexpected there.
It takes a Bigger Courage to take on Danger, where None can be Sighted.
He hated dishonesty-- or lack of courage-- more than anything.
Educate every child for a good courage.
Father knew he might die that day, and he went anyway.
When shame becomes a management style, engagement dies. When failure is not an option we can forget about learning, creativity, and innovation .
There is a very thin line of demarcation between bravery and foolhardiness.
It requires more courage to back down compared to moving forward.
We know your secret.And we won’t be made invisible.
I'm not... I'm not without a heart,' he heard Sophia say, her chin raised, eyes straight ahead. 'I'm not. I just don't have the luxury of being soft. I am trying to survive.
Start working on your child’s mind. Start building your child’s character. Raise your child as a human being, instead of raising boys and girls. Raise human beings with the religion of love in their hearts. Raise human beings with the language of compassion on their lips. Raise human beings with the color of joy on their face. Raise human beings with the force of bravery in their nerves. And these brave conscientious souls with the flames of compassion in their hearts shall one day change the course of human history.
The way I see it, if everybody ran from bad things instead of trying to stop them, bad things would be all there is.
In order to free ourselves from our assumptions about love, we must ask ourselves what long-held, often buried assumptions are and then face them, which takes courage, humility, and kindness.
Be obdurately determined to bring your courage to the world.
Daring to set boundaries is about having the courage to love ourselves, even when we risk disappointing others.
You have intellect, and courage, and command. Play your own game, and don't worry about what anyone else is doing. That is what's going to give you a shot at making it. Comparing yourself to anyone else will just drive you crazy.
False reasons trapped in your old bean. Failure isn't your nemesis, denial of truth is.
The most painful moment in my life also became the moment I showed the most strength and courage.
It takes a special courage to challenge the rigid confines of our accustomed story. It’s not easy to radically alter our views about where happiness comes from but it’s eminently possible.
Taking in another’s criticism, even when it’s offered out of love, requires courage.
If you keep standing on the verge of greatness, you'll eventually get the courage to leap into it.
If you keep standing on the verge of greatness, you'll eventually get the courage to leap into it,
A person who finds grace never lacks the courage to endure, remain resolute in principles and action in the face of an easy collapse into anger, insanity, and self-destruction when living in an increasing chaotic world filled with armed conflict, terrorism, and cultural discord.
We want deeper sincerity of motive, a greater courage in speech and earnestness in action.
It is necessary to grow up in maturity, firmness and courage in order to reach the goal
In order to defeat the darkness, you must bring it into the light.
You cannot defeat darkness by running from it.
The real heroes are those who rebuild their lives using adversity as a stepping stone to greatness in the midst of the chaos life has thrown at them.
An act of redemption, the ultimate act of personal grace, is an undervalued form of courage.
Do not chase another human being. Instead, chase your curiosity. Chase your development and your goals. Chase your passion. Strive to work for something bigger than yourself, and instead of trying to convince someone that you fit within their world, strive to build your own.
Her wounds brought her a great source of power because they lived in the same place as her heart.
Courage is an act of grace when it is not required; it originates from an inner necessity to honor, love, and cherish people, and respect oneself.
It is easy to die,' replied the bannik. 'Harder to live.
A person must never live a lie. We free ourselves to live a full life by discovering the courage to face our illusions and live a true life.
Some believe it is only great power that can hold evil in check, but that is not what I have found. It is the small everyday deeds of ordinary folk that keep the darkness at bay. Small acts of kindness and love. Why Bilbo Baggins? Perhaps because I am afraid, and he gives me courage.
We derive courage from love. Bravery borne from love trumps the ingrained desire for self-preservation.
I can't live a lie. I can't run from my life.
Grace represents the sublime glamour of human souls, the ability of physically courageous and emotionally brave people to give part of them in order to protect other people regardless of adverse consequence that they might personally endure.
Human nature defeats me sometimes, how greed and spite can lurk so divisively around the utmost courage and sacrifice.
And then I realized you were not rebellious but courageous. You know what that means? It means being scared but doing it anyway.
It's okay to feel bad about how things went down, but it's not okay to drown in guilt and regret every day for having made decisions other people don't agree with. At some point, we all have to man up and decide to do what we have to do, despite the people around us who try to get in the way.
WHAT I'M TELLING YOU IS, IF YOU WANT TO DO THINGS YOUR OWN WAY, YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO MAKE A DECISION - YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO FIND A LITTLE COURAGE.
It takes courage and resilience to be true to ourself. We have to know that we will be okay even if others reject or ridicule us. We have to know it won’t destroy us.
It's not just the body that must survive a jail term: the spirit and the will and the heart have to make it through as well. If any one of them is broken or destroyed, the man whose living body walks through the gate, at the end of his sentence, can't be said to have survived it.
My mom's like me and she doesn't want to look weak in front of other people. And she's like Colby in the way that she has to take hits at other people whenever she feels threatened. That used to make me want to cave and do what she wants. But it doesn't anymore.
If the voice was meant to be silent we wouldn't have ears for listening.
Every time we witness an injustice and do not act, we train our character to be passive in its presence and thereby eventually lose all ability to defend ourselves and those we love.
It’s a small painful sort of courage which is at the root of every life, because injustice and cruelty is at the root of life. And the reason why I have only given my attention to the heroic or the beautiful or the intelligent is because I won’t accept that injustice and the cruelty, and so won’t accept the small endurance that is bigger than anything.
they told her, “fear the reaper."she laughed to herself and muttered, 'baby, death ain’t nothing’ more than a quick fuck. a little bit of silence after he comes.
If you have the understanding to first notice the signs, continue with the courage to follow them.
It takes a tremendous amount of strength to be a single mother. To hold down the forte of a home, a life and your child's entire happiness.
One day we will all stand alone and answer to God for the choices we have made in our lives. It will not be enough to say we did not get help because no one would come with us. Life is not easy, but we make it much more difficult when we refuse to be honest about what we feel. For the short term, not being honest may seem easier, but in the long haul, we pay a heavy price.
...he possessed for attractive form of courage: bravery of a nervous man. After all, any rash fool can be a hero if he sets no value on his life or hasn't the wit to appreciate the danger. But to understand the risks, perhaps even to flinch at first, but then summon the strength to face them down--that is my opinion is the most commendable for of value...
May you find courage in every circumstance.
The distance between you and your destination can be set to zero only by your courage to act and by your determination to sustain this action till the end!
Letty's first false step was here: she said to herself _I can not_, and did not. She lacked courage--a want in her case not much to be wondered at, but much to be deplored, for courage of the true sort is just as needful to the character of a woman as of a man.
Will you have the courage to obey the voice of God?
Sometimes having courage means the hardest tasks fall onto your shoulders, and those leave the biggest scars.
Sometimes you have to walk through the fire, in order to reach your calling.
Sometimes, breaking down is the bravest thing you can do.
To experience courage, is to experience life. Reflected in loved ones, the greatest encouragement. Dignity, integrity and strength, a harmonious chord, interwoven into an unbreakable cord.
...opportunities typically come disguised as impossible problems. And while most people run away from their problems, Shamgars run at them with their oxgoads.
Courage doesn't wait until situational factors turn in one's favor. It doesn't wait until a plan is perfectly formed. It doesn't wait until the tide of popular opinion is turned. Courage only waits for one thing: a green light from God. And when God gives the go, it's full steam ahead, no questions asked.
When God stirs our spirit or breaks our heart, we cannot sit back. We've got to step up and step in. We've got to go all in by going all out. But if we have the courage to make the choice or take the risk, it will become the defining moment of our lives.
Courage is a certainty.
Who would ever know the greater graces of comfort and perseverance, mercy and forgiveness, patience and courage, if no shadows fell over a life?
Always count the costs before starting any journey, and never take a step without finding its costs.
There is nothing that can defeat you if it does not first capture your mind.
Until there are so many of them that no one dares to chase them anymore. Until they're an army in themselves. Because if a sufficient number of people are different, no one has to be normal.
Treat others good and you will be a moral compass.
How does one measure bravery? I suppose one starts by looking at the difference between what you are naturally inclined to do, and what your sense of duty tells you you should do. Courage is what it costs you to cover the deficiency.
Love and gratitude offers courage.
An opinion isn't right or wrong. It's your interpretation of a subject or a situation. You can't be f......g wrong!"So, if I look at the sky and have the opinion that the clouds are pink, I'm right?""Yes! Because it's an opinion, not a fact, and maybe to you, the clouds are pink because you're nuts. An opinion doesn't need to be true for anyone else in the world but you. Stop trying to f.....g please everyone and just say what you think.
His words held depth, but not enough to make her forget the desire to do something more than just leave the hospital alive. All she could think of now was the pain of running away. She'd left her family, left Prague behind out of fear. And still war had chased her to an ARP shelter in the heart of London. How could she run again? Something mattered in standing up to fight.
If someone's trying to get you angry, the calmer you get, the angrier they'll get.
If you are only worried about not making a mistake then you will communicate nothing
Inwardly, though, she was blown empty by a giant breath, and while they stood waiting for Mr. Henshaw to tie up the Clara she knew that she would never be the same poor, ignorant woman of an hour ago. She would be poor, all right, and she would be ignorant and she would be a woman, but never in the same ways.
Then don't you dare tell me my dreams are insane! Because my dreams are what I live for!
No.” The smile had left Sarah’s voice. “He still works for the Basij. Beware of weak men, little sister. He never returned to help, not even to express condolences for Father. Find a strong man. Get a man who will stand up for you, even if it means he has to fight the whole world. There is nothing more dangerous than a weak man.
Bad governments always lie because telling the truth requires honour and courage!
Courageous people run toward the problem rather than away from it.
In the little chaos of Pearl's character there might be seen emerging-and could have been from the very first-the steadfast principles of an unflinching courage-an uncontrollable will-a sturdy pride which might be disciplined into self-respect-and a bitter scorn of many things, which, when examined, might be found to have the taint of falsehood in them.
In a world without fear of death... people will never attain the hope that is to be found from casting their fears aside and persevering through them. While it is true that people can continue to press forward through the simple act of living... That is in no way comparable to marching forward in the face of death while doing their damnedest to keep it at bay. That is why... that is why people have given that very march a unique and special name. Courage.
Death is just a door that only love can come and go through.
Luck is for those with nothing else. I wish you strength and courage.
Maybe Father Auguste is right," Henry started thoughtfully, rising from a bench. "Maybe we should wait."From the back of the tavern, Peter stifled a burst of laughter. Henry gripped the edge of the table.Adrian turned to Henry with a withering glare."Maybe, my son," Adrian said quietly, "you should find your courage."Henry took a labored breath."You want to hunt the Wolf?" He narrowed his eyes, spurned. "All right, then. Let's hunt it.
It is our courage which defines us, not our constraints
One gains courage from the one in front of her and moves forward a few steps, passing her by just a little. Now the one farthest back gains courage from the one in front and moves forward until she, in turn, is the leader. And so in this way, taking courage from one another, they advance, as a group, towards the strange thing in front of them.
[L]ife is more than just steering a course around pain.
Courage is winning small battles with great honor.
It only takes patience to live through this life.
There will be times in your life when you will have to stand alone in your pain and choke back all the injustice done to you. Letting go will be the hardest thing you have ever had to do because it means losing something you wish you didn't have to lose--the person that you care for. However, to be authentic--one person, it requires standing for truth as you know it to be, instead of having your dignity destroyed by another. It is a fire you have to walk through, in order to truly live. Sometimes, practicing faith by letting go is the most painful chapter of your life that will take every bit of courage for you to close, before you can be reborn.
Theres a remarkable amount of strength residing in those who move forward without being able to physically move. Ones that carry the weight of illness or a disability, they battle wars most know nothing about. They are the true warriors of the world, the ones who have every reason to quit but never do.
When life places stones in your path, be the water. A persistent drop of water will wear away even the hardest stone.
You didn’t find strength when you couldn’t live without it. You found it when you had someone or something you loved so much that it forced you to stretch the edges of yourself further than you thought was possible.
The message of love or beauty or hope needs to be said by a hundred thousand different voices, written by a hundred thousand different pens, at a hundred thousand different times in history, different places in the world, different sectors of society, in different genres and registers, simply to be heard by the billions of ears and hearts that lie waiting for a truth which fires their soul, answers their question, speaks to their heart.
When we have the courage to claim space for ourselves. When we risk creativity. When we relish our sensuality. When we honor our lives and their experiences as valuable. When we create from a female body, expressing ourselves in a woman’s voice, using a woman’s language. We begin to bloom.
There is no certainty, not even your next breath. Live like you are dieing because in reality we all are.
They were all becoming brothers, in the manner he had seen before: facing death together was the greatest of levelers.
Once you set the bar high for yourself, you cannot go back to mediocrity. You must give world-class performance in all that you do. Your work ethic, persistence, effort and dedication will glow on your behalf. Do not brag about your accomplishments; allow your reputation to speak of your magnificence.
If you have no armsTo hold your crying child but your own armsAnd no legs but your own to run the stairs one more timeTo fetch what was forgottenI bow to youIf you have no vehicleTo tote your wee one but the wheels that you driveAnd no one else to worry, “Is my baby okay?”When you have to say goodbye on the doorsteps of daycareor on that cursed first day of schoolI bow to youIf you have no skill but your own skillTo replenish an ever-emptying bank accountAnd no answers but your own toSatisfy the endless whys, hows, and whens your child asks and asks againI bow to youIf you have no tongue to tell the truthTo keep your beloved on the path without a precipiceAnd no wisdom to impartExcept the wisdom that you’ve acquiredI bow to youIf the second chair is emptyAcross the desk from a scornful, judging authority waitingFor your child’s father to appearAnd you straighten your spine where you sitAnd manage to smile and say, “No one else is coming—I’m it.”Oh, I bow to youIf your head aches when the spotlight finally shineson your child because your hands are the only hands there to applaudI bow to youIf your heart aches because you’ve given until everything in you is goneAnd your kid declares, “It’s not enough.”And you feel the crack of your own soul as you whisper,“I know, baby. But it’s all mama’s got.”Oh, how I bow to youIf they are your life while you are their nurse, tutor, maidBread winner and bread baker,Coach, cheerleader and teammate…If you bleed when your child falls downI bow, I bow, I bowIf you’re both punisher and huggerAnd your own tears are drowned out by the running of the bathroom faucetbecause children can’t know that mamas hurt tooOh, mother of mothers, I bow to you.—Toni Sorenson
Timing can be everything and wisdom requires the patience to wait as well as the courage to leap when the time becomes right.
Take the time to celebrate stillness and silence and see the joy that the world can bring, simply.
It takes courage to dream, to face our futures and the limiting forces within us. It takes courage to be determined that, as we slow down physically, we are going to grow even more psychologically and spiritually. Courage, the philosopher Aristotle taught us, is the most important of all the virtues, because without it we can’t practice any of the others. Courage is the nearest star that can guide our growth. Maya Angelou said we must be courageous about facing and exploring our personal histories. We must find the courage to care and to create internally, as well as externally, and as she said, we need the courage “to create ourselves daily as Christians, as Jews, as Muslims, as thinking, caring, laughing, loving human beings.
There was no use feeling guilty about getting on to the ship when you are in the middle of the ocean. If you felt guilty or sorry, you had only one option – drown in the middle of the sea.
When you find yourself internally, you find what nourishes you from within. You lose that entitlement and anger when YOU deliver.
I needed to realise my role in the drama and it was only then that I could learn and be better for it, and it was only then that I could move forward. I needed to move forward and had to look at each day as a way of becoming a better me. And when I got better, the people around me reciprocated.
Wanting to live, but accepting death to save others: that was courage.
We all marveled that we'd gotten to take part in so perfect and courageous and amazing a life.
We need more people in this world, energised by chasing a quest or a goal and that is what will energise the world.
The word 'heresy' not only means no longer being wrong; it practically means being clear-headed and courageous. The word 'orthodoxy' not only no longer means being right; it practically means being wrong. All this can mean one thing, and one thing only. It means that people care less for whether they are philosophically right. For obviously a man ought to confess himself crazy before he confesses himself heretical.
Until a person has failed significantly or missed the boat, they will not know how to hold the tension until the right moment or how to test the waters before pushing on.
If I always stuck up for what I had, I would have missed the most amazing things I have today. What are you fighting for that you need to let go? Release the magic within. The magic of what could be.
Sometimes it’s the dirt between your toes that gives you the clearest picture in your mind. Grounding yourself aligns the dirt between your toes and the vision in your mind.
When you are the central character in a seemingly boiling pit of “busy-ness” the time will come when the pace of decline cannot be countered. You build yourself the circumstances of ultimate failure by failing to grow, by failing to act on your learnings.
What a hideous life he had chosen, how painful was the loneliness he endured because he didn't have the courage to trust someone again. To trust someone entirely because in love there is no other way.
Real courage is being kind again, after you've felt that your kindness was thrown in your face. To risk it once more, or even twice more takes a special strength.
This, he knew, was courage, the truest, ultimate courage, because there was no one here to sympathize or praise him for it. What he felt was felt without the hope of commendation.
Virtue begins with understanding and is fulfilled by courage.
Your world will expand for every step you dare to take outside your comfort zone.
Young man, be of good courage. Care not for what the world says or thinks: you will not be with the world always. Can man save your soul? No. Will man be your judge in the great and dreadful day of account? No. Can man give you a good conscience in life, a good hope in death, a good answer in the morning of resurrection? No! no! no! Man can do nothing of the sort. Then "fear not the reproach of men, neither be afraid of their revilings: for the moth shall eat them up like a garment, and the worm shall eat them like wool" (Isa. 51:7,8). Call to your mind the saying of good Colonel Gardiner: "I fear God, and therefore I have none else to fear." Go and be like him.
Strength was not how fiercely one punched, but instead, how one would summon the courage to take a blow for someone else.
Anybody who listens to their intuition risk at times making other people disappointed or even pissed off because you're not tending to what they want from you but instead to what feels right for you.
Everything is possible for him who possesses courage and activity,'' she said, with a look resembling one of those heroines of the age of chivalry, whose encouragement was wont to give champions double valour at the hour of need; ``and to the timid and hesitating, everything is impossible, because it seems so.
There is one thing you must always remember about yourself; always be yourself, with courage and humility, no matter what!
With God, a mountain before me is soon to be a memory behind me.
We can't always control our circumstances, who are parents are, where we live, or how much money we make, but in those rare moments when we can shape our fate, when we do have the power to make our own happiness, we can't be too scared to do it.
Every person fails, nobody achieves everything that he or she set out to achieve. Nobody, regardless of how many personal triumphs they enjoy, no matter how rich or powerful they become, goes through life without encountering failure. You cannot fail unless a person valiantly tries to accomplish a task. The most audacious person readily attempts difficult projects, despite feeling uncertain if they can prevail. Successful people exhibit the character to respond positively to failure. Some failures prove instrumental in altering a person’s outlook, and their revised perspective leads to brilliant successes
The world is a better place to live in because it contains human beings who will give up ease and security and stake their own lives in order to do what they themselves think worth doing.
I don't fear the future. I fear letting it pass by me, without ever trying to make it mine.
One needs to be either more brave or more good, because if courage is lacking goodness can substitute, while cowardice is the deficiency of both.
Because you made it here on a lot less" he says and he has no idea how on the mark he is.
Being meek does not make you weak. You’re not someone who sways with changing circumstances. You don’t allow yourself to be used. You’re not passive or spineless. Your faith is in the Almighty, so you know that you are mighty.
Thinking it was easy to take a chance on things if you had nothing to lose -- politics, ideas, almost anything in fact; from the bottom of the ladder you could safely risk a fall, but the higher that you climbed the more cautious you must be.
The courage to conquer is indomitable will.
Challenges stimulate courage.
Only a bet on the impossible makes sense. It is an act of faith and courage requiring an irrational leap over reason. A man wins simply by making such a bet.
We all write stories in our minds, but only few have the courage to put them on paper.
All revered spiritual leaders, political leaders, and diplomats, captains of industry, intellectuals, and winning generals exhibit genuine humility that empowers them to act with integrity and courage under the most distressing circumstances.
When you realize you are no longer made of glass, you lose the desire to demonstrate that fragility in others.
To make sense of it - that's the challenge. To bear witness to the death, without being broken by the weight of it.
Faith is courage.
If your focus is on your failures, limitations, & fears, you've one sure destination. You'll get drowned. If not now, at the end of the day!
And it's true what I read about joy. It's the kind of happiness that not only fills you up but spills over. Really, all you have to do is look for it, and then have the strength to let it in. And believe it or not, that's the hardest part.
Having the courage to speak one's mind is as important as knowing when the time is right to do so.
BRAVE are the courageous souls who dare step outside the predefined yellowbrick road.
Take away your eyes from your past failures, current limitations, and future fears. Be hopeful, believe in yourself, be bold, and move on...
We are loved if we love, another truth we always seem to forget. ...Loving requires so much courage and so little expectation.
All you need is confidence in yourself. There is no living thing that is not afraid when it faces danger. The true courage is in facing danger when you are afraid, and that kind of courage you have in plenty.
Gómez had suggested I steal a fish to achieve more courage and purpose. I regarded this task as an anthropological experiment, though it crossed a border into something approaching magic, or perhaps magical thinking. When I googled how to gut a fish, there were over 9 million results.
We need to develop courage, and we need to develop it in small ways first..... You develop a little courage, so that if you decide, "I will not stay in rooms where women are belittled; I will not stay in company where races, no matter who they are, are belittled; I will not take it; I will not sit around and accept dehumanising other human beings: - if you decide to do that in small ways, and you continue to do it - finally you realize you've got so much courage. Imagine it - you've got so much courage that people want to be around you. They get a feeling that they will be protected in your company.
What would you know of struggle, perfect son? When have you fought against the mutilation of your mind? When have you had to do anything other than tally compliance's and polish your armor? The people of your world named you "Great One". The people of mine called me slave. Which one of us landed on a paradise of civilization to be raised by a foster father, Roboute? Which one of us was given armies to lead after training in the halls of the Macraggian High Riders? Which one of us inherited a strong, cultured kingdom? And which one of us had to rise up against a kingdom with nothing but a horde of starving slaves? Which one of us was a child enslaved on a world of monsters, with his brain cut up by carving knives? Listen to your blue clad wretches yelling courage and honor, courage and honor, courage and honor! Do you even know the meaning of those words? Courage is fighting the kingdom which enslaves you, no matter that their armies outnumber yours by ten-thousand to one. You know nothing of courage! Honor is resisting a tyrant when all others suckle and grow fat on the hypocrisy he feeds them. You know nothing of honor!
Courage.Hope.Sacrifice.
Am better off with the bad news disclosed to me than the good news hidden from me
Don’t let anyone tell you what you can and can’t do or achieve. Do what you want to do and be who you want to be. Just encourage and include each other, don’t ostracize the gender in front of you.
We as human beings lower our vibration everytime we react with the emotional attachment of what is only suppose to be a lesson through life.
Monsieur Foinet got up and made as if to go, but he changed his mind, and, stopping, put his hand on Philip's shoulder."But if you were going to ask me my advice, I should say: take your courage in both hands and try your luck at something else. It sounds very hard, but let me tell you this: I would give all I have in the world if someone had given me that advice when I was your age and I had taken it."Philip looked up at him with surprise. The master forced his lips into a smile, but his eyes remained grave and sad."It is cruel to discover one's mediocrity only when it's too late. It does not improve the temper."He gave a little laugh as he said the last words and quickly walked out of the room.
I had been to Jeddah on my previous trip, so I knew it well enough. There was only one thing to recommend it: say, you wanted to commit suicide and couldn’t quite find the courage, two days in Jeddah would do the trick.
Motherhood by definition means a journey into the depths of one’s possibility.
To grow is not to timidly sit on some safe shore at water’s edge and clumsily grab whatever happens to float by me. Rather, it is to deliberately step into waters both calm and turbulent in order to wrestle great things to shore.
You can repeat lies of others without hesitationBecause, you don’t have to give justification But, saying truth you have to be fearless and courageousBecause, you have to defend your viewsYou can not say truth without hurting sentiments of many people
Fear leads to no where but to ground zero.
Only the best thoughts is good enough to carry you throughout today's journey.
Definiteness of decision always requires courage, sometimes very great courage. The fifty-six men who signed the Declaration of Independence staked their lives on the decision to affix their signatures to that document.
There were so many things we left unsaid. Depending on how you look at it, whether you think it was worth saying it out loud, or better kept inside.
Courage is endurance for one moment more
To forgive is a decision, to forget takes effort, to heal is a process, to believe again takes courage.
Many people today believe that cynicism requires courage. Actually, cynicism is the height of cowardice. It is innocence and open-heartedness that requires the true courage-however often we are hurt as a result of it.
Standing alone scares alot of people it means they have to be themselves and more often than not they haven't the slightest clue who they've been all this time & that's why people stay the same because it's a frightening choice to step away from the crowd.
He turned to face the long, shadowy hall. There was no turning back now. Unless, of course, he decided to turn back.
Vision is the code that decodes every mediocrity out of life.
Risk all. Let life be a play, a risk, a gamble. And when you can risk all you will attain to a sharpness in your being: your soul will be born. The Golden Flower can bloom in you only if you are courageous, daring. It blooms only in courage.
Can you call yourself a coward simply because the courage of others seems to you out of proportion to the triviality of the occasion? Thus wisdom creates cowards. And thus you miss Opportunity while spending your life on the lookout for it.
He which hath no stomach to this fight, let him depart, his passport shall be made and crowns for convoy put into his purse. We would not die in that man's company that fears his fellowship, to die with us.
The power of the night, the press of the storm, the post of the foe; where he stands, the Arch Fear in a visible form, yet, the strong man must go.
When Abbess Ebba received tidings of the near approach of the pagan hordes, who had already wrecked vengeance upon ecclesiastics, monks, and consecrated virgins, she summoned her nuns to Chapter, and in a moving discourse exhorted them to preserve at any cost the treasure of their chastity. Then seizing a razor, and calling upon her daughters to follow her heroic example, she mutilated her face in order to inspire the barbarian invaders with horror at the sight. The nuns without exception courageously followed the example of their abbess. When the Danes broke into the cloister and saw the nuns with faces thus disfigured, they fled in panic. Their leaders, burning with rage, sent back some of their number to set fire to the monastery, and thus the heroic martyrs perished in the common ruin of their house.
I find myself enjoying being alone a lot of the time, people come and people go and you have to find a way to be ok with both.
Courage brought me here.I desperately tried to dress myself with words.Yet excuses can no longer defend my walls.So here I am.Clueless.Defenseless.But I will tell you this,for this is all you have to know.I love you.Nothing in this life is more worthfighting for than that.
If you can’t be brave in the face of adversity, at least be practical.
There is a gift in experiencing so much tragedy of life from a young age, you gain the wisdom earlier to make better choices for later.
I miss him for all the things he forgot to see in himself & if im lucky fate will help us rekindle a flame that never got set alight in the first place.
If you want to make a difference, the next time you see someone being cruel to another human being, take it personally. Take it personally because it is personal.
Love is anything but safe, it's wild and raw and will rip at your heart strings but once you've tasted it for the very first time it becomes like an addiction feeling nostalgia when seperated for another beating heart & before them you question where you called home.
My ability is greater than my disability.
Men with Honor are not killed by swords, they die of Shame.
People should be courage to read books, it should be made in such way how I changed my opinion how James Patterson did it. It should be done a way in which people should se the advantages of reading a book.
Either life entails courage or it ceases to be life.
True heroism is not reserved solely for men and women in uniform. Heroes come in all genders, shapes, sizes and colors. We thank these world heroes for their sacrifices, courage and acts of valor that have made a difference in the world.
But it was women like Rudabeh who planted in my mind the idea of a different kind of woman whose courage is private and personal. Without making any grand claims, without aiming to save humanity or defeat the forces of Satan, these women were engaged in a quiet rebellion, courageous not because it would get them accolades, but because they could not be otherwise. If they were limited and vulnerable, it was an audacious vulnerability, transcending the misogyny of their creator and his times.
I could have loved him with everything I had but he wasn't prepared for the depth i provided ~ had I been a woman of weakness I would have stayed, but he lost the chance when he said I wasn't enough that day.
I have died at the ripe age of twenty.Smile, for the world didn't get a chance to disappoint me.I have died at the mature age of ninety.Smile, for my life was more than satisfying.I have died suddenly—out of the blue.Smile, for I didn't have to fall ill before you.I have died from a long illness.Smile, for I had the chance to say goodbye.I did not want to leave this Earth.But smile, for I am still here among you.Why are you crying?Can you not see I am smiling?
Start with a cry, end with a smile.
You can't force someone to care... You can only come to the realization that if you stay, they'll keep hurting you. I wish you the wisdom and courage to walk away and begin the healing process.
And you finally get there, you reach a point where you refuse to feel anymore pain and the desire to chase happiness out weighs any choice that gives you reason to question where you're headed.
Wisdom is finding the path that is best for all - considering the options, the positives and the negatives - and having the courage to change what must be changed for the sake of the entire world.
Even if you are having a nightmare day during which nothing will go right, never cease looking for the ball. In the end everything will come right, for football is a game that rewards those who show courage.
No matter what, I would never let the people who wanted me to break see how much damage they had inflicted.
And I hope above all you give your heart to someone again no matter how many broken promises you have recieved.
All those dotted lines were just the parts of the story where she would get on the ground and get her hands dirty with the mess of it all. The mess and the glory of other people’s hearts and heart songs. She would learn it would take grit, and guts, and courage to make a difference. But the world will always need people who care enough to make a difference, so she needed to not miss her casting call.
Mma Ramotswe reflected on how easy it was to find oneself committed to a course of action simply because one lacked the courage to say no.
To respect the opinions of those who stand against you is nothing short of courageous.
Fear of facing the grasp of death changes one's outlook on every little thing.
Running from horrors doesn't help. The only way to deal with them is to meet them head-on.
If life didn't end,' he said, 'there would be no need for me. To choose love in the face if death is the ultimate act of courage. I am the joy, but you are the meaning. Together, we make humanity more that it otherwise might have been.
You go on with your life, because life goes on,” says Isabel. “You see this in anyone who has survived a traumatic situation. My own daughter died, for example.” Her only daughter, Paula Frias, died of porphyria in 1992 at the age of twenty-seven. “At first you think you can’t live with this,” says the author, who just turned sixty-five. “It’s just too much. Then life begins to take over. One morning you wake up and you want to eat chocolate. Or walk in the woods. Or open a bottle of wine. You get back up on your feet.” “When you can, right?” “You have no choice!” Isabel insists. “You cannot let the bullies keep you on the floor! I have been on my knees a thousand times, and I always get up.
The French have a term for this brazenness: je m’en foutisme, the brave art of not giving a damn.
Feel compassion for your own heart that was broken open by grief or confusion.Then tune in to the other level of that experience. Some part of you was heroic inside that moment of your life.Some part of you was looking out for you, wanting you to make it through, encouraging you to love and heal and be larger than the message you were getting. Access the hero inside your own story....
Yet she also longed for moments when she might be weak, when she need not prove anything to anyone.
We were never meant for a wimpy life.
Most of us will have no idea where we are going most of the time. And I know that is unsettling.But circumstantial uncertainty also goes by another name: Adventure.
Maybe if we love ourselves healthy we will all heal?
Think crazily, even if others laugh at you. Act bravely, even if you are all alone.
Surviving isn't around us, but in us.
Show up, shine and do the damn thing!
It takes enormous courage and humility to be open to others to find out who we really are.
You may be biggest coward & looser of the world if you can't even ask for the things that you need the MOST & want it anyway.
Step into the spotlight and rock the brand of you!
Rise from the ashes and become the phoenix. Let your glory and wisdom keep blazing on forever. This is your chance. This is your time. Remake your life into something truly spectacular.
Step into the marketplace with some sizzle, spice, spunk and shazam!
You must choose to risk what you fear to lose to gain everything you desire
What is a good man if not one who does not believe in himself to the exclusion of others? ... He was asked to bear what cannot be borne--what should not be borne. I hope never to be so tested, for I have it on the best authority that I will not bear it.
I have a fear of living a surface kind of life; barely existing, barely touching or tasting anything. That's why you'll always see me giving my all or walking away ~ I'm too full of depth to dance in the middle of anything.
Sometimes God will place a wall on your path to force you to go in another direction.
I’ve come to understand that each person has to work out their own personal algorithm of courage. No two are the same, and it’s no used trying to borrow or copy anyone else’s.
God only requires two things from us. First, He asks that we stay unwavering in our knowledge that His faithful love endures forever. And second, He asks that we stay steadfast in our belief that His intentions are to bless and redeem. As we stand on these two truths, He strengthens our faith and increases our trust.
Mindset Matters: Cut away the nonsense and cultivate an environment conducive to your personal well-being. Forgive yourself and others. Have the courage to move on. The battle is long... and in the end, it's only with yourself.
Master the courage to conquer any mountain
Stand up and let the world hear your roar, now spread your wings and begin to soar.
They did not realize what a supreme effort of courage it required to make this young girl go out alone into the wide world, and face its vastness and its strangeness.
Can a man still be brave if he's afraid? That is the only time a man can be brave.
Writing and prayer are both a form of love, and love takes courage.
It's not courage so much as stubbornness," Alice said frankly. Her lips curled back from her teeth in a grim smile. "I don't like to lose.
Yes, it is,” I whispered, “and one day the spell will not cause you to forget it.
It is the littlest of flowers that fly the farthest . . . That have the courage to fly the farthest.
Better to sink with tempests raging o'erMasts all dismantled and hull gaping wideThan rest and rot on some unclouded shoreThe idle plaything of the listless tide.Better the grime of battle on the brow,With grim defeat to crush thy dying handThan through long years of peace to tyrant bowOr dwell captive in a strangers land.Better the castle with beleaguered gate,By battle's lightning shivered in a dayThan peaceful walls in pomp of sullen state,Through centuries sinking to a dull decay.Better resolve to win thy heart's desire,And striving bravely, die in the endeavorThan have the embers of some smothered fireLie smouldering in thy saddened soul forever.
I stared back at her, my eyes leveled with hers in inscrutable certainty. For a moment, our eyes remained engaged, unflinching and impenetrable, as the shrill, steady call of a siren ran across the street outside, mixing with the effervescent glow of traffic lights and a steady pitter-patter of pedestrian feet sauntering across the street in wakeful gait.
I also think you should take care of yourself. You can crack up a little when these things go on for so long. You've got to bring a healthy self in here. That will help him most. He needs to feel your strength. And you need to do what you have to keep it.
God promises to be our Strong Tower, our Protector, our Champion, and our Advocate. He also promises that if we call Him friend we will see persecution; we will suffer, and we will go through the fires of sanctification. He promises to shake us out of our complacency. There is no safer place to be than in His presence, but He is not the God of the complacent.
It’s not about optimism, pessimism or realism. It’s not about thinking nothing bad will ever happen to you. It’s about having the faith and courage that no matter what happens, you’ll be okay.
You have far more courage than you think you do.
A lion does not flinch at laughter coming from a hyena.
It is very normal for one ugly weed to not want to stand alone.
Believing is a fine thing, but putting those beliefs into execution is a test of strength.
A gorilla does not budge from a banana thrown at it by a monkey.
Dignity is never silent. It has a voice, heart and soul. Truth and courage is its foundation. It will stand against the masses and speak the truth. Because every great person has always done what others found fear in doing.
Courage was something John Reckless only ever wished he had. Courage was not a given; it was acquired, earned. You had to take the difficult paths, and John had always picked the easy ones.
Yeah, I'm a drug addict. And a prostitute. The whole world knows. Not because I robbed my own family. Not because I ended up behind bars. Not because I've been hassled by the cops when soliciting customers from a local street corner. Not because I'm shooting up in the public bathrooms at your city park. Everyone knows because I told them all. I never tried to hide any of it. I never felt the need to.
and when i look at prime minister mrnarendra modi .i realize nothing in this world isunachievable.if you have the will you will yourselfmake the way.
With courage, you can overcome the cultural shock in a visit to a new country.
Live boldly now. Later may not be an option.
Inside everyone is a their own madness, a madness only courage can stand to, but even courage is never alone. He has Love, Hatred, Sadness, Confusion, Bravery, and in some special cases Intelligence.
With 100% confident, courage and commitment, anything is possible.
With courage, confident and commitment, the dream is possible.
A true prophet would rather be believed false by many but actually true than believed true by many but actually false.
I am bold as a lion.
I have a lightA light that guides my sightI have a lightA light that brightens my nightI have a lightA light that makes me a knightI have a lightI have a lightOh yes! I have a lightI have a light!Christ Jesus my LightI have a lightI light that raises me highI have a light A light that makes me see farI have a lightA light that makes me a lightI have a lightI have a lightOh yes! I have a lightI have a light!Christ Jesus my LightI have a lightA light that makes me rightI have a lightA light that makes me wiseI have a lightA light that makes me brightI have a lightI have a lightOh yes! I have a lightI have a light!Christ Jesus my Light
Courage isn't something you can conjure, it's either in you or it's not.
Your will to success supersedes all other wills.
Life can only be live with great courage.
Stand out. Dare to deliver what’s in your heart.
Live daringly with great courage.
I curtsied. 'Thank you, Mr. Stansbury. And I apologize for my lack of grace.'He bowed. 'Never apologize for being courageous, Miss Withersby.
I strike spurs into my horse. Against you I will fling myself, unvanquished and unyielding, O Death!
I like strong people. The ones who have gone through immense pain and hardened like a clay pot. They feel pain, but they smile. They faced problems and emerged victorious. Maybe, they lack materialistic things, but they are the ones with 'peace of mind.' One thing I long, everyone longs.I like strong people. The ones who have peace of mind. The ones who know not having things is OK.
Courage is confident action.
Courage is a daring spirit.
Be fearless to live life.
Courage is an act of faith.
Living life is a courageous act.
Courage is the grace to act.
Courage is act of faith.
Courage is strength of a strong soul.
You can strive in life with courage, faith and hope.
You got to face your evil, Hoodoo," Zeke said. "If people don't face the danger that's seeking them, evil will find them first.
With courage you take on gracefully anything that tries to stop you. To have courage means to be brave and take on what ever challenges you
Whereas moral courage is the righting of wrongs, creative courage, in contrast, is the discovering of new forms, new symbols, new patterns on which a new society can be built.
The greatest conquest is the courage to be yourself.
We're wired for story. In a culture of scarcity and perfectionism, there's a surprisingly simple reason we want to own, integrate, and share our stories of struggle. We do this because we feel the most alive when we're connecting with others and being brave with our stories - it's in our biology.
Good people turn to love, courage and kindness in times of crisis, not hate, fear and cruelty.
Valiant! The word mocked me, for I knew myself to be anything but valiant. What I had done, I had done in a fit of insane bitterness, not with cool courage, not with brave quick thinking, not with presence of mind - but with absence of it.
Only a small crack ... but cracks make caves collapse.
Mother, I share your concern, but I do not know how to be afraid of what I cannot change."- Sari
We do not have control over what happens to us. But we have the courage to conquer.
They throw their stones at you not expecting that you would catch them with a smile. But a wise soul knows that what life throws at you today, is only preparing you for a stronger tomorrow. After all, you can't build a castle without first laying down its foundations...
Confident in spirit, courageous in soul.
It is vital that parents have the courage to speak up and intervene before Satan succeeds. President Boyd K. Packer has taught that “when morality is involved, we have both the right and the obligation to raise a warning voice.
It takes courage to gather children from whatever they’re doing and kneel together as a family. It takes courage to turn off the television and the computer and to guide your family through the pages of the scriptures every day. It takes courage to turn down other invitations on Monday night so that you can reserve that evening for your family. It takes courage and willpower to avoid over-scheduling so that your family can be home for dinner.
Courageous parenting does not always involve saying no. Parents also need courage to say yes to the counsel of modern-day prophets. Our Church leaders have counseled us to establish righteous patterns in our homes. Consider five fundamental practices that have the power to fortify our youth: family prayer, family scripture study, family home evening, family dinner together, and regular one-on-one interviews with each child.
Stop it, Misha. Stop being so frightened of everything. But she couldn't stop. She carried fear with her like a little animal, curled in the nook behind her heart, and it whispered to her. You are weak, you are frightened, and you will never dare do anything at all.
I learned that courage and fear always come as a pair. If you've gone one inside you, you've surely got the other.
You cannot be truthful if you are not courageous. You cannot be loving if you are not courageous. You cannot be trusting if you are not courageous. You cannot inquire into reality if you are not courageous. Hence courage comes first and everything else follows.
To open eyes when others close themTo hear when others do not wish to listenTo look when others turn awayTo seek to understand when others give upTo rouse oneself when others acceptTo continue to struggle when one is not the strongestTo cry out when others keep silent…
She said fear is just a flashlight that helps you find your courage.
A man is a hero, not because he is braver than anyone else, but because he is brave for ten minutes longer.
Damen found himself alongside Jord. ‘If you want to live, ride fast.’ White-faced, Jord took one look at his expression and said, ‘He’s not coming.’‘We’re outnumbered,’ said Damen, ‘but if you run, you might still make it out.’‘If we’re outnumbered, what are you going to do?’Damen drove his horse onward, ready to take up his own place on the front line. He said, ‘Fight.
Never be afraid of darkness, it is only temporary. Have hope, have the courage, be cautious, walk and continue your journey. Life is not always a fairy tale but like a rolling stone we need to go up and down until it stop.
But then had come the voice that said, "Come on, you little freak, wherever the hell you are,whatever the hell you are, let’s get this done with.
One theft, however, does not make a thief . . Action which defines a man, describes his character, is action which has been repeated over and over and so has come in time to be a coherent and relatively independent mode of behavior. At first it may have been fumbling and uncertain, may have required attention, effort, will - as when first drives a car, first makes love, first robs a bank, first stands up against injustice. If one perseveres on any such course it comes in time to require less effort, less attention, begins to function smoothly; its small component behaviors become integrated within a larger pattern which has an ongoing dynamism and cohesiveness, carries its own authority. Such a mode then pervades the entire person, permeates other modes, colors other qualities, in some sense is living and operative even when the action is not being performed, or even considered. . . . Such a mode of action tends to maintain itself, to resist change. A thief is one who steals; stealing extends and reinforces the identity of a thief, which generates further thefts, which further strengthen and deepen the identity. So long as one lives, change is possible; but the longer such behavior is continued the more force and authority it acquires, the more it permeates other constant bodes, subordinates other conflicting modes; changing back becomes steadily more difficult; settling down to an honest job, living on one's earnings becomes ever more unlikely. And what is said here of stealing applies equally to courage, cowardice, creativity . . . or any other of the myriad ways of behaving, and hence of being.
Seek until there is no hope and then seek further. Seek without end. Trudge on without tiring and without fear and without disheartenment. Trudge on, for it is within you to fight any enemy. It is who you are. It is your past and your present and your future. You will not quit. You cannot quit. Your breath is your courage, and as you breathe, so must you hope or you are already dead.
But then had come the voice that said, Come on, you little freak, wherever the hell you are, whatever the hell you are, let’s get this done with.
Desperation makes men fearless
There was that sense of abandoning the familiar for the unknown that characterizes all journeys made for the first time.
I was alone, without a single cent, in an unknown country. If I'd learned anything from last year's ill-fated adventures, though, it was not to get overwhelmed by minor inconveniences.
Katherine Mary, w'er going to know each other very well, for many years, I hope. You'll see, you'll come to understand. These big things, these terrible things, are not the important ones. If they were, how could one go on living? No, it is the small, little things that make up a day, that bring fullness and happiness to your life. Your Sergeant coming home, a good dinner, your little Mary laughing, the smell of the woods - oh, so many things, you know them yourself
Being brave is not the absence of fear, but having courage greater than it to dare!
In these last days, what the world really needs is courageous parenting from mothers and fathers who are not afraid to speak up and take a stand.
What you call pride, I call courage.
Sometimes, it is how you shine in the darkness during other people's misery that is remembered more than anything you could have said or done when you have suffered just as much.
You can't live in your mind and expect those dreams to become real, without the work. Reality requires actions that might feel scary, but that is what is required if you want to find true love. Don't expect it to come and rescue you. You have to rescue yourself.
A commitment to never getting knocked down is in reality a decision to never stand up.
If you weren't scared,you wouldn't be human,you wouldn't be brave.""What do you mean?" I ask."If you were fearless,you wouldn'tneed to overcome it.Bravery means being scaredand going forwardanyway," Fia says."That's courage.
Instead of begging to be picked by others, you have the choice to pick yourself and build your brand
Vulnerability gives us freedom, power and connects us to a network of injured souls. It is through the art of being real that we can heal ourself and others.
Courage is not the absence of fear. It is accepting and neutralizing the fear with the power of love.
Be captivated by your hearts desire, not distracted by your minds fear.
We were not born whole; we were born new, and each life experience coated us with another layer. These layers protected us like armor, but they also covered us to the point where we no longer could feel. That was the balance: to open up to the experiences, to strategically place the layers, but to leave the heart open. The heart had to be sent into the front lines every day, naked, unarmed, willing to take fire. That was the only way to live. With risk. On the cusp of dying.
when you courageously believe in the power of doubt instead of the power of God, you much see the works of doubt and least see the works of God
I know, not everyone will like what I write, but writing is not about trying to please everybody.
The miracle of life is self-confidence.
I turned to face her. "What about fear. Can you outrun it?""Only if ye stand still and face it do ye have a chance against fear.
To brim with hope, to cultivate just one small kernel of faith, to sport a touch of confidence, and to have one’s innate material embedded with layers of feisty are all that makes for the plucky kind of courage that means anything in the end.
True courage is in knowing that there is nothing to scare you.
Have the courage to walk in truth, the strength to love always, and the integrity to never stray away from doing so.
So long as I was pursuing my passion, I would always find courage. I would be restored. My history of silence didn’t have to be my future.
You panic and you rage, then this calm settles over you, and you remake yourself.
It took vulnerability to forge strength, the way true courage required fear.
When will you tell him?' 'When I muster the courage or when I'm left with no choice - whichever comes first.
Oh sure, everyone else charges monsters and it's brave, I do it once and I'm a madman.
Do it anyway. Fear will melt away.
Don’t desire kindness but desire courage so that you may persist on the right path.
A man whose strength gives out collapses along the course. In your case you set the limits beforehand.
You cannot enrich yourself with material possessions. However, you can enrich yourself by giving yourself away with love, service, kindness, compassion, and courage.
You have the courage to take chances.
With courage, always go where you fear to go.
With sincerity, courage, & honesty, one can face death, extreme physical pain, & even extreme psychological pain. One can resist persecution from individuals, society, or government. To live in preparation of adversity & finding ways to preserve your core values --this is what it means to learn "how to live.
Courage is a strong will.
Angels come in many forms, but they always bring the same message--wisdom.
If you weren't scared,you wouldn't be human,you wouldn't be brave.What do you mean? I ask.If you were fearless,you wouldn'tneed to overcome it.Bravery means being scaredand going forwardanyway, Fia says.That's courage
Courage leads you to win battles everyone may lose.
Be ready. Be seated. See what courage sounds like. See how brave it is to reveal yourself in this way. But above all, see what it is to still live, to profoundly influence the lives of others after you are gone, by your words.
Love and kindness is the source of courage.
Courage is continuing to perform your daily tasks, and being hopeful despite the odds, not inflicting your fears on others, and remaining sensitive to their needs and expectations, and also not supposing, because you're dying, nothing matters any more.
For what is the Void but the beginning of Light? What is Light but the end of Fear? And what am I, but Light given from? What am I, but the beginning of Eternity?
Trusting yourself means you dare walk alone.
Beauty takes courage. Courage itself takes courage.
Your life will consist of a series of times when you must reinvent yourself. We desperately cling to the idea that things should stay the same, but life and growth are about change. Don't mistake the end of a chapter for the end of the story. Lean into the plot changes, and follow your character arc. If you are in a dark part of your tale, know that this night will not last forever, but you must be brave enough to see it through. This is not the end, oh no my friend. Take courage. Better things await you.
Come on!' he muttered, staring about. 'Where are you? Dad, come on--" But no one came. Harry raised his head to look at the circle of dementors across the lake. One of them was lowering its hood. It was time for the rescuer to appear--but no one was coming to help this time-- And then it hit him--he understood. He hadn't seen his father--he had seen himself--... 'It was stupid, thinking it was him,' he (Harry) muttered. 'I mean, I knew he was dead.' 'You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? You think that we don't recall them more clearly than ever in times of great trouble? Your father is alive in you, Harry, and shows himself most plainly when you have need of him. How else could you produce that particular Patronus? Prongs rode again last night.'... 'You know, Harry, in a way, you did see your father last night...You found him inside yourself.' And Dumbledore left the office, leaving Harry to his very confused thoughts.
[P]eople with self-respect have the courage of their mistakes. They know the price of things.
Winning is a matter of endurance. As long as you don't quit, you will win!
The lovelorn, the cry-for-helpers, all mawkish tragedians who give suicide a bad name are the idiots who rush it, like amateur conductors. .A true suicide is a paced, disciplined certainty. People pontificate, 'Suicide is selfishness.' Career churchmen like Pater go a step further and call it a cowardly assault on the living. Oafs argue this specious line for varying reasons: to evade fingers of blame, to impress one’s audience with one’s mental fiber, to vent anger, or just because one lacks the necessary suffering to sympathize. Cowardice is nothing to do with it—suicide takes considerable courage. Japanese have the right idea. No, what’s selfish is to demand another to endure an intolerable existence, just to spare families, friends, and enemies a bit of soul-searching. The only selfishness lies in ruining strangers’ days by forcing ’em to witness a grotesqueness.
May you have the courage to conquer any circumstance.
He said I was trapped. He had trapped me. I told him to carefully consider what trapped animals do when they do not wish to be trapped.
It is not our responsibility to fix every mess. If someone steps onto the scary ledge of truth, it is enough to acknowledge her courage and make this promise: I am here with you as your friend...
The idea of being vulnerable leaves a lot of room for choice. There is always room to be less foldable, more evil.
I’ve always thought that the reason the devil approached Eve and not Adam is because the devil Recognized the power, courage, and tenacity of a woman, the world would have you believe that eve was a weaker sex and that is why the devil approached her, But think about it, a weak person would never disobey let alone desire to be God.
Everything you want is hidden in faith.
To become fit requires discomfort, to earn a significant income requires discomfort, to become great at anything, requires you to pay the price. ..To become great, you must choose to allocate your time to your greatest opportunities. You will have to choose to spend time on the difficult things that create your biggest payoffs. To be great you will need to live with intention. That will require you to be clear on what matters most, and then to have the courage to say no to things that distract you.
Extraordinary change can happen in your life, but it will take extraordinary people, extraordinary courage and extraordinary faith to believe that this won't be a repeat of your past.
You will never get what you want if you believe that you are not worthy of having it. God doesn't create us to be defeated.
People that don't know what they are worth will always see their capture's wings, but never their tail.
Master the chaos within yourself and I promise you, you will gain the strength to withstand any storm.
You can't make a difference until you dare to be different.
If your children know who God is they will know who they are, regardless of where you or they call home.
Courage is not the absence of fear, it's to feel the fear and face it anyway.
In a certain sense it might well be said that his was an exemplary life. He was one of those rare people, rare in our town as elsewhere, who have the courage of their good feelings. What little he told of his personal life vouched for acts of kindness and a capacity for affection that no one in our times dares own to. Without a blush he confessed to dearly loving his nephews and sister, his only surviving near relation, whom he went to France to visit every other year. He admitted that the thought of his parents, whom he lost when he was very young, often gave him a pang. He did not conceal the fact that he had a special affection for a church bell in his part of the town which started pealing very melodiously at about five every afternoon.
Truth stands out little in a field of truths. However, it is a ravaging lion, in a field of lies.
Authenticity inspire respect because it takes courage to own who you really are.
Though mortal Men have little life beside the span of the Elves, they would rather spend it in battle than fly or submit. The defiance of Húrin Thalion is a great deed; and though Morgoth slay the doer he cannot make the deed not to have been. Even the Lords of the West will honour it; and is it not written into the history of Arda, which neither Morgoth nor Manwë can unwrite?
God is looking for fearless and courageous faith rooted in obedience of His law. This is what it takes to work for God. Joshua 1:1-9
May you find the courage to live your dreams.
May you find the courage to be grateful for every circumstance.
It is what you do about the fear you feel that sets you apart, to be a coward or a courageous person.
For beautiful success, serve with love and serve with courage.
Fear of failure is deceptive.Don't do it, you'll fail, it says.Courage is inceptive.It's where success starts.
Ask me, "Why would you travel on the difficult path?". Because , I trust God to walk me through the unknown journey.
When you can't escape your mind then God is telling your heart to catch up. Fight for the balance you need.
Don't get mad, William," he finally said, provoking the distraught to look up at him, "I know it's hard, an' unfair, but you can't let yourself become angry. You're too nice, - too good, - if you can't at least hope for a possibility, then what happiness can you expect to have? You have to hold on to it, or else you've got nothing..." (77)
Promise me you won’t sacrifice your happiness for something so cheap as acceptance. Find your courage.
The brevity of life is grace to walk on your own path.
There is no lateness in life.
Don't let your imperfections conveniently excuse you from having discipline. Have the courage to work through your imperfections.
I don't want to tax my mind to find perfect Iron Man line.~ Aarush Kashyap
The stories I read gives strength to my spirit.
What you want in life is possible to achieve. Find the courage and begin the work
When I believe, this is the right path; I fearlessly walk on the pathway.
When a storm of devastation approaches you from all directions it readily knows your unlimited potential of fighting back.
Dare to travel on your defined path.
No experience is wasted. It is the stepping stones for a great success.
The best thing you can give a person is the courage and the desire to go beyond his culture, that little limited world of his!
Be strong and courageous!
Determine soul is unshakable.
Anyone can fail at something they really don’t want. What really takes courage is going after something you want and then failing. There is more fulfillment in life knowing that you tried, rather than settled without a fight.
It is not through fighting the opposition that will win you dignity. It is when you fight the fear in yourself that asks you why you don't feel you have it, regardless if you win or lose.
Be firm. Be bold.
So I ask you, can you walk a mile? Every day, rain or shine, pain or gain, because you know you have to just to stay alive, just to breathe. Can you walk that mile?
A kind word will never replace the conversation that God has prompted you to repeatedly have.
Find courage to overcome the circumstance.
The most effective and permanent way to silence fears is to face them.
When facing the world always remember stand tall back straight chin up and always put a smile on your face
May you find the strength to pursue your dreams.
Find the courage to live life.
Don't fear to take a daring action. It is truest act to your destiny.
Don’t cry for them to be happy. Find courage to overcome the circumstance.
Tell yourself ' I can'. And you will be capable to act.
The confidence we have in God and in ourselves, gives us the courage to dare great things.
The government
He never went to war, yet he emerged from the smog and shadows victorious.
When you are clear on your calling, you command the universe to bid to your voice
In conquering life’ challenges, you become courageous.
Every challenge you conquer, will make you courageous.
Be bold in mind, in spirit and in faith.
The light within is a fire, whose flame does not burn, but brings warmth; and whose rays do not blind, but illuminate. Once kindled, it blazes a trail and lights our way.
Perhaps each of us has a starved place, and each of us knows deep down what we need to fill that place. To find the courage to trust and honor the search, to follow the voice that tells us what we need to do, even when it doesn't seem to make sense, is a worthy pursuit.
Let there be room left in your heart for the unimaginable ~ serendipity has a way of showing itself just when you feel like giving up.
They said my solution was foreign because I lived on another planet. It required honesty. It required communication. It required kindness. It required integrity. It required compassion. It required empathy. It required a deep understanding of what it meant to be humane. It required courage to be something above the others. It required proving your love of God.
We must be willing to fall flat on our faces. Fearlessly putting ourselves out there is simply a required part of the process. At the very least, it results in the gift of humility and, at best, the triumph of our human spirit.
If you can be anything, be real.
Good luck belongs to those who know how and are not afraid." John Hay to President Theodore Roosevelt
Keep being bold on the page, and in life, and people cannot ignore you forever.
Fear deprives us the fullness of existence.
He was a chicken in the outside world that turned into a lion on entering the house.
Often the Muse will not respond to direct and logical requests. She must be lured in with the playful and gentle.
How you correct your mistakes will define your character and commitment to a higher power.
You must never give in to fear.
Behind those thick glasses (of TR's) was a man who did not blink.
It is better to be positive than negative.
Gracious self is the divinity within.
You will have the grace of writing, when you boldly begin to write your first sentences.
Courage is active faith.
We ought to live life by faith.
Fear is the greatest obstacle to any adventure.
Courage is most powerful thing inside us, It won't let us run away from any problem.
We need people who dive deep, dream and dare do. We need people able to grasp the sublime and, therefore, that which is universally true for all. We need them to reclaim our humanity.
One HELLO? can change a life.One HELLO? can save a life.
…having once seen him put forth his strength in battle, methinks I could know him again among a thousand warriors. He rushes into the fray as if he were summoned to a banquet. There is more than mere strength--there seems as if the whole soul and spirit of the champion were given to every blow which he deals upon his enemies. God assoilzie him of the sin of bloodshed! It is fearful, yet magnificent, to behold how the arm and heart of one man can triumph over hundreds.
Consistency. Clarity. Courage. I like to stand for consistency, clarity and courage in my thoughts, words, and actions.
You've to stand up for yourself. If you don't, no one else will.
Great stories strengthen us to be great souls.
Your liberty will not be freely given to you.You must be bold to liberate yourself.
I have no control over events. I can only be courageously to conquer every challenge.
For when you look at the ceiling, or down at the floor, when the trouble's before you, you're begging for more.
Leave a legacy of love, not a legacy of fear.
The strength of will is the grace of survival.
Never adjust your goals, amplify your might.
Be bold as a lion.
What's usual for us may not be the same for everyone. I'm inspired by lives and stories of all those amazing people who overcome extraordinary challenges each day to live what we see as an ordinary life.
True strength. There is no conflict with vulnerability or humility. Indeed, vulnerability and humility are essential here, and ultimately what makes strength true. One does not don the mask of strength in response to fear, which is a con, like those crazy small reptiles that stand up on their hind legs and spread useless wings to intimidate as a last resort. You stand there in self-respect for Christ’s sake and take it with some courage, responding in accordance with your honest values, taking sincere responsibility for them. Stand up for who you truly are, not the image you would like to sell, nor shrink to fit into the false harmony around you.
Intent matters. Integrity matters. Courage matters. If you have the three, nothing else matters
Doubt is the limit of progress.
You can courageously conquer any challenge.
I have no control over time. I can only live in the time.
Cultivate confidence, and eradicate the need to control.
Be strong and begin again!
Begin to read, write, sing, dance, study, draw…!
Flying demanded more courage and faith than I actually possessed, and it wanted my best, my whole self. I would have to work very hard to be any good at it at all, and be more than a little mad to be great, to give my life over to it. But that's just what I meant to do.
The courage to try again is a daring spirit.
Freedom is the courage to resist anything, which obstructs your dream.
We should be sure that in our pursuit of happiness and positivity, we do not lose our ability to experience the other side of life, as well. Feelings of grief and respect for the departed, are honourable thoughts to have and honourable feelings to feel. In seeking happiness, we must not be so afraid of sorrow, that we lose the ability to cope with it properly. There is a healthy way to cope with both sorrow and joy; both need to be looked straight in the face, in the eyes.
Ask the questions. Do not just accept anything without question.
Those who dare try are heroic souls.
Daring greater life is a divine act.
In any situation, there is hope. Don’t give! Be strong!
For us to move forward, we have to develop the courage to forward what is behind...the hurt/pain and unpleasant memories that haunt us in the dark moments. We must hold on to our faith as we step out in boldness, strongly believing that our very best lies ahead.
Freedom is the liberation of my spirit and my soul from unpleasant condition.
The courage to continue is the sureness of success.
Courage cannot be unveiled without reality
Self-courage, Self-confidence, Self-will!
With self-courage, self-confidence and self-will, you will master the act.
Only the bold dare to try.
Freedom is the decision to live and die, doing what you love.
The courage to keep trying is the willingness to triumph.
Be confident, be bold! These are your life greatest strength for success.
Freedom is the brevity to resist detrimental act.
Keep an eye on your responses. Strong responses are about you more than them.
A coward is a man who'd rather live dead than die alive
[C]reative living is a path for the brave.
It is a rather lamentable fact that few can call upon courage with the expediency they can fear.
The leaderly response to personal irritation is to relax and open up not push, run, or close down.
May the Almighty Lord make straight your path.
Just because those around you do not constantly tell you what they are going through in their personal life, it does not mean they are living in a fairytale.
Everything meaningful encounters resistance, don't get scared of whatever comes your way, just go with the right strategy and plan, their you'll overcome it at last.
You ought to recognise your special talent, for your specific purpose.
You have to find the might, to climb the mountain.
When God gives you a dream, He will grant you the grace to fulfil it.
Look onwards to what lies ahead.
You are backed by great power. Press onwards, you will succeed.
Boldly and confidently, reach out to your dreams.
It's not that success is guaranteed that we go to war. It's because it is the only alternative we have left to avoid annihilation
Hope is the courage to live life.
Accept only the divine self.
To live without hope is to be dead alive!
Your blessings lay beyond your fear.
You should have worn a baby pink t-shirt on which a child sucks his thumb. That would have given you the required juvenile look. ~ Subhangi Tyagi
Every challenge, I have faced, dares me to seek a higher power.
You ought to find all your might to climb a higher height.
Courage to act is a daring spirit.
Inspiring someone else to follow their dreams is the hope of anyone who has the courage to follow their own.
I dare play the game of life.
Love begets faith.Faith begets courage.Courage begets strength.Strength begets positive thoughts.
You ought to find all your might, to climb a higher height.
You ought to write down the glow of thoughts as it’s ignites.
I think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, too, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare into the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?
Do not complain, pray for courage to endure the situation.
You must have courage and confidence to pursue the visions.
Every action today will define the future.
You must endure long enough to be victorious.
How could we have improved ourselves, if we had not dared to read, learn and write?
I want people to know that I am a real person who exists in a real world. I am not a raped girl or victim. I had a life before that evening and I will continue to have a life. What happened with me that night will stay with me but if it has not killed me, it has made me stronger. ~ Subhangi Tyagi
There is nothing better than expressions in words.
Courage to dare is the strength to endure.
We will never surrender but go forward to win the game.
If you know the golden treasures of adversity, you will bravely embrace it.
It is hard to begin and harder to finish.
Until I was left with nothing but life and books, I realised these two gracious gifts, where enough for me to exist.
Keep moving forward in the power of thy might.
Hope is the anchor of life.
I will pursue my dreams with all my strength.
With courage, confidence and commitment, the dream is possible.
Whatever you dream of, be bold and pursue it.
Every difficulty requires new strategy to overcome it.
Whatever your faith prompts you to do, begin now.
You can achieve the goal with courage, confidence and commitment.
Great faith, Great hope, Great courage.
It is better to live life with great faith, hope and courage.
Without an anchor, we can be drifted to any shore. May you find hope as anchor.
May you have the courage, confidence and commitment to achieve your goals.
You have to prepare physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually to conquer any mountain.
KEY OF LIFEThe key of lifeSymbolizes the mapOf existence.Once you free yourselfFrom all resistance,Your path will become white -For the remainder of the distance.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
The first lesson in constructing viral content is having the strength, courage, and self-confidence to get in touch with your own feelings, thinking about what profoundly affects you.
People think rape victims forget how to laugh. I have not forgotten how to laugh. It is beyond the capability of this person to make me forget how to laugh.~ Subhangi Tyagi
Times of adversity are golden moments.
Sometimes the worst brings out the best in you, Sometimes the lowest tide ushers in the biggest change, Sometimes the gravest wounds translate into deepest wisdom, Sometimes the nadir leads you to the zenith - All you need to do is - To Hold On
Every individual must be given the opportunity to unearth his/her highest potential.
I know that you are preparing to fight." There were screams amongst the students, some of whom clutched each other, looking around in terror for the source of the sound. "Your efforts are futile. You cannot fight me. I do not want to kill you. I have great respect for the teachers of Hogwarts. I do not want to spill magical blood."There was silence in the Hall now, the kind of silence that presses against the eardrums, that seems too huge to be contained by walls."Give me Harry Potter," said Voldemort's voice, "and they shall not be harmed.Give me Harry Potter and I shall leave the school untouched. Give me Harry Potter and you will be rewarded."You have until midnight."The silence swallowed them all again. Every head turned, every eye in the place seemed to have found Harry, to hold him forever in the glare of thousands of invisible beams. Then a figure rose from the Slytherin table and he recognized Pansy Parkinson as she raised a shaking arm and screamed, "But he's there! Potter's there. Someone grab him!"Before Harry could speak, there was a massive movement. The Gryffindors in front of him had risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with their backs to Harry, all of them looking toward Pansy instead, and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw wands emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves."Thank you, Miss Parkinson." said Professor McGonagall in a clipped voice."You will leave the Hall first with Mr. Filch. If the rest of your House could follow.
Be strong. There is hope in any situation.
Self-liberation is the greatest victory.
Never lose faith, hope and courage.
You can conquer any mountain with faith, hope and courage.
Trust in God, gives us the hope to survive any situation.
There is no limit to what you can do.
May you find the courage to dare great things.
Be bold! You will then see that life will find no time to attack you, because you are attacking it!
In life you’ll face difficulties that postpone some of your dreams. Regardless, life goes fast by reminding us youth is finite and old age is stable. So you mustn’t stop dreaming and running while your strength is yet tough.
You must seek the divinity within with all your heart, soul and mind.
Passion, patient, perseverance and persistent are four keys to great achievements.
I love to play the game of life.
Negative habits eat you up. They’re the biggest roadblocks that prevent you from realising your fullest potential; and the very first step towards crafting real change is to become aware of all the destructive habits that squander you! An awareness of what needs to be improved, tackled, or abandoned will go a long way in restructuring your life. Make a list of all the lousy habits that you want to eliminate; and then roust them out of your life, before they chomp you up completely. Axe them, uproot them, throw them into the ocean and never look back.
The courage of one can change the course of all.
You should have hopes. Hopes to nourish the courage that helps get success in life.
A task is only difficulty, when we not find the best strategy to get it done.
God isn't a place of fresh starts. He isn't a hideout. He is not a destination. He is not a clean break. He is not a cop out for indecision. He is not a straight line. He is a circle. He will take you back to whatever you ran from if he needs you to heal your scars and others. He is a God of justice and compassion. The greatest growth a soul can experience doesn't come from doing service to strangers that have no impact on your life. It comes from doing service to people that have hurt you or you have hurt them. To truly devote yourself to God is to travel down roads that are hard to revisit. However, he will keep taking you there, until you have healed yourself or others.
The most important gift you can give your children is the importance of standing up to injustice. Children will remember moments spent with you. However, it isn't togetherness that creates humane parents and righteous kids. It is the example of integrity that a parent sets and the on going lessons they teach about compassion toward others throughout their lives. A good father or mother teaches their children that cruelty is not something you cause or ignore, rather it is the moment you suit up for war.
Even if we have ourselves so fully convinced that we are on the right track because we desperately want to believe that the specific direction we have chosen is the "correct one", if the universe disagrees with our choices, it will not be shy in telling us so.
if you let tragedy change you, You have already lost.
Choosing the right people to surround you, and letting go of the wrong ones, takes courage.Be courageous!
Trust in God gives self-power.
Imagination is an endless possibility.
the taste of death does not comes from the recipe of cowardness
Run the race of life with all perseverance and endurance.
In order to stay happy, You must learn from your wins and fails and accept all things that come your way as they are.
Everyone has to start somewhere. So get out there and start.
I want you to believe in yourself, and take chances, even if it is scary and even if you don't know what you are doing yet.
Life is a personal race. Run the race of life with all endurance.
Never undervalue who you are, and NEVER underestimate what you are capable of.
Spiritual-self consist of self-confidence and self-power.
Go forward and achieve your God-given goals.
May God give you the courage to live a daring life.
The taste of death cannot comes from the recipy of cowerdness.
If you can endure, if you can persevere, if you can work and not grow weary, if you're both obsessed and talented, well, you might have a shot.
Everybody's got their opinion on who they think you are or how strong or how weak you are, but at the end of the day all that matters is who you know you are, don't ever forget that.
Who hurt you, once, so far beyond repairthat you would meet each overturewith curling lip?While we, who knew you well, your friends, (the focus of your scorn)could see your courage in the face of fear,your wit, and thoughtfulness, 	and will remember you with something close to love.
Everything happens for a reason, and nothing is an accident. It is all part of a much larger divine plan,” Duke Silverthorne said gravely, but in a surprisingly kind voice. “When difficulties come, we must see them as what they are—opportunities and a new path to discover your potential. How will you ever know the magnitude of courage you are capable of if you have never experienced the hopelessness of fear?
I had to stop running. I had to turn and face my life head on. It wasn’t enough being like everybody else; I had to be the best, and I was going to show everyone what I was truly made of. I was done with being a terrified princess, constantly waiting to be saved. I was going to be a queen, and, like Vivienne said, I had better start behaving like one. - (Aurora Firedrake)
My name is CRPS, or so they say But I actually go by; a few different names. I was once called causalgia, nearly 150 years ago And then I had a new name It was RSD, apparently so. I went by that name because the burn lived inside of me.Now I am called CRPS, because I have so much to say I struggle to be free. I don't have one symptom and this is where I change, I attack the home of where I live; with shooting/burning pains. Depression fills the mind of the body I belong, it starts to speak harsh to self, negativity growing strong.Then I start to annoy them; with the issues with sensitivity, You'd think the pain enough; but no, it wants to make you aware of its trembling disability. I silently make my move; but the screams are loud and clear, Because I enter your physical reality and you can't disappear. I confuse your thoughts; I contain apart of your memory, I cover your perspective, the fog makes it sometimes unbearable to see. I play with your temperature levels, I make you nervous all the time - I take away your independance and take away your pride.I stay with you by the day & I remind you by the night, I am an awful journey and you will struggle with this fight. Then there's a side to me; not many understand, I have the ability to heal and you can be my friend. Help yourself find the strength to fight me with all you have, because eventually I'll get tired of making you grow mad. It will take some time; remember I mainly live inside your brain,Curing me is hard work but I promise you, You can beat me if you feed love to my pain. Find the strength to carry on and feed the fears with light; hold on to the seat because, like I said, it's going to be a fight. But I hope to meet you, when your healthy and healed, & you will silenty say to me - I did this, I am cured is this real? That day could possibly come; closer than I want- After all I am a disease and im fighting for my spot. I won't deny from my medical angle, I am close to losing the " incurable " battle.
But only a few have the will -- be it born of courage or recklessness, folly or sublime wisdom -- to act and, by their action, transform themselves. They will pay for their courage, of course; the world does not treat its "others" lightly. But so will the rest of us -- the ones who love them -- haunted as we are by our envy of their bright, burning beauty, which we can bear neither to look at nor to turn away from.
Finding one’s place in the world is never easy.Have courage and be true to who you are.Remember, those who dare to be different areOften the ones who change the world.
Are you too frightened to go any farther?" asked the silk-monkey, who found all this very easy, having four legs herself."I'm never afraid," answered Sniff. "But I think the view is better from here.
Never think twice, when you have decided once.
True leadership can only be achieved when one looks within oneself and commits to authenticity. It gives us the courage to stand at the front and influence others to willingly follow; it gives us the courage to learn, inspire, demand the best and shape the future.
When one achieves massive success, unenlightened minds say, "It's all about luck." But if you were to ask me, I would say, "It is the mighty reward of faith, confidence, courage, patience, relentlessness and resiliency.
The greatest force is the divine power within you.
Standing up for your ethical principles takes courage. Courage is the ability to face danger, difficulty, uncertainty, or pain without being overcome by fear. When you see something happening in the workplace that just doesn’t seem right do you have the courage to stand-up and do something? What are you afraid of? Retribution, disapproval, your image, damaged relationships, or simply the unknown? Courage is about setting aside your fear and taking action for the good of yourself or someone else...approaching the person with whom you have a problem. This is NOT easy. Most of us don’t naturally confront people. To most of us, the courage to actually go up and talk face-to-face takes a superhuman Kristopher Kime level of courage. Your voice trembles, stomach hurts, beads of sweat roll down your face. It certainly FEELS like a life or death struggle. But remember, courage is about facing difficulty without being overcome by fear.
As long as you invite faith, courage, and perseverance to become your daily companions, every test would inevitably mature into a testimony in your life.
Calling it as you see it, should include yourself as well.
If you dare, you will find strength to fulfil the dream.
Even if someone is already dead in front of you, knock twice on the heart who knows they might answer.
Whenever it comes to doing anything. Remember the part about having confidence.
May you find grace to overcome self-doubt.
It is better to dare than fear.
Then -- they saw the Groke. Everybody saw her. She sat motionless on the sandy path at the bottom of the steps and stared at them with round, expressionless eyes.She was not particularly big and didn't look dangerous either, but your let that she was terribly evil and would wait for ever. And that was awful.Nobody plucked up enough courage to attack. She sat there for a while, and then slid away into the darkness. But where she had been sitting the ground was frozen!
Have the courage to stand out and take few risks!
Fill your armoury with arrows of courage!
There's no magic potion to remove you from a tough situation than your own self conviction and no poison as dangerous as self doubt. In no one has done it so far, you could be the one showing the way!
If you don't speak then you are not heard, and if you are not heard then you don't really exist
Life is a game of chance. You ought to play the game.
Not one adventure in a whole day," said Sniff, who was taking his turn at steering now the current was slower. "Just grey banks and grey banks, and not even an adventure.""I think it's very adventurous to float down a winding river," said Moomintroll. "You never know what you'll meet round the next corner. You always want adventures, Sniff, and when they come you're so frightened you don't know what to do.""Well, I'm not a lion," said Sniff reproachfully. "I like small adventures. Just the right size.
Life is not about living the safer option. Life is about living a life worth living.
How simple it is to acknowledge that all the worry in the world could not control the future. How simple it is to see that we can only be happy now, and that there will never be a time when it is not now.
Courage is not always big and bright and loud; sometimes it's as silent and small as true words, a smile when you'd rather weep, or getting up every day and living with quiet dignity while all around you life rages. You cannot truly love, live or exist without courage. Without it you are simply biding time until you die.
Reality is a dream that someone was brave enough to conquer.
Delusional or not, maybe if I believe in a better world with enough conviction, and convince others to believe it as well, then it will be real.
Make up your minds that happiness depends on being free, and freedom depends on being courageous.
One must be careful not to allow himself fall into the trap of hero worship; we are to take counsel from men, emulate their courage, and godliness, but we are not allowed to worship them. Heroes are men, and men make mistakes.
You are stronger than you think. I have weathered many storms, tragedies, and heartaches in my life–and here I am still standing. Here you are still standing. Joy is right around the corner you just have to change your focus and look for it. And that can be rough. Rough roads can be unbearable, but you can walk them. Sometimes when you come to the end of yourself–give yourself a chance to dig in deeper. Look for the good, and you’ll find strength you never knew you had.
You have to conquer every obstacle to realize the goal.
I thought I knew not only her habits but also her limits. This display of ferocity, of savage courage, made me realize that I was wrong. All my life I had known only a part of her.
Self-discipline, self-realization and self-reliance.
When life throws trials and tribulations towards you, shield your destiny with courage, faith and perseverance.
It was amazing to think that she'd always had it wrong, imagining that they were the weak ones, the ones who took their chance. No. The weakest are those who stay put and call it sacrifice, call it not having a choice.
One way to disperse fear and create decision was to consider the worst possible outcome of one's actions.
Confrontation was the stuff of daily life.
Dance with your rhythm.
Some of you may not like what I had to say, but these are the things that I’ve noticed and believe should be said.
They may not like what you have to say, but it is better to express how you feel.
I am the interpretation of the prophetI am the artist in the coffinI am the brave flag stained with bloodI am the wounds overcomeI am the dream refusing to sleepI am the bare-breasted voice of libertyI am the comic the insult and the laughI am the right the middle and the leftI am the poached eggs in the skyI am the Parisian streets at nightI am the dance that swings till dawnI am the grass on the greener lawnI am the respectful neighbour and the graceful manI am the encouraging smile and the helping handI am the straight back and the lifted chinI am the tender heart and the will to winI am the rainbow in rainI am the human who won’t die in vainI am Athena of Greek mythologyI am the religion that praises equalityI am the woman of stealth and affectionI am the man of value and compassionI am the wild horse ploughing throughI am the shoulder to lean ontoI am the Muslim the Jew and the ChristianI am the Dane the French and the PalestinianI am the straight the square and the roundI am the white the black and the brownI am the free speech and the free pressI am the freedom to expressI will die for my right to be all the above here mentionedAnd should threat encounter I’ll pull my pencil
Do not judge a woman on her knees_you never know how tall she is when she stands!
I ain’t scared to lend a handI ain’t scared to clench it either
Face your fears and you will be able to conquer them.
Action gives a decision power and finality.
True courage consists in being courageous precisely when when we're not.
Our muddy machine gun pits were transformed into Courage Clubs when bombs fell or Japanese warships pounded us from the sea. There was protocol to be observed, too, and it was natural that the poor fellow who might break into momentary terror should cause pained silence and embarrassed coughs. Everyone looked the other way, like millionaires confronted by the horrifying sight of a club member borrowing five dollars from the waiter.
Brainwashing, thought Mrs. Pollifax contemptuously, and suddenly realized that she was not afraid. She had endured other crises without losing her dignity--births, widowhood, illnesses--and she was experienced enough to know now that everything worthwhile took time and loneliness, perhaps even one's death as well.
Take one more step because it might be the last one needed.
Better light a candle than curse the darkness.
Awake my great strength.
The less courage you have, the more dwarf you shall be; the more courage you have, the more giant you shall be!
To be fearless you must fear less
Relationships: It takes wisdom to know when to turn the page and courage to know when to close the book.
Life is a fairytale of courage, fear, failure, persistence and triumph.
Be strong and courageous. You can achieve your goal.
Doing nothing was as honourable as any available course of action. Think of Hamlet, think of Job, think of Jesus before Pilate.
Conquer fear and you have conquered all.
If you must catch, you must not fear what is being thrown.
You have to want your dream enough to pursuit it.
The secret is in listening to our own inner voice.
Can a man still be brave if he’s afraid?”“That is the only time a man can be brave,
To be young means to be original, to have remained nearer to the sources of life: it means to be able to stand up and shake off the fetters of an outlived civilization, to dare -- where others lack the courage-- to plunge again into the elemental.
Go forward and conquer any mountain on your path.
I do not subscribe to the abuse "victim" or "survivor" labelling mentality. I have experienced every kind of abuse imaginable and I am and always have been the most happy-go-lucky, positive and life affirming person around. Your labels do not serve you, so don't use them as an excuse to be miserable. You have a beautiful life to live, so accept the beauty and start living.
When you see an obstacle approaching, grab your courage and speed up.
Courage comes from knowing that fear is a false perception.
He penned a letter to the Company in London, a letter whose unfailing spirit would become legendary among the sailors of the East India Company. 'I cannot tell where you should looke for me.' he wrote, 'because I live at the devotion of the winds and seas.'  (Written by/about Captain James Lancaster, on the ship Red Dragon, during a terrible storm, 1603)
For whether a place is a heaven or a hell rests in yourself, and those who go with courage may find themselves in paradise.
Worry has never solved a problem.
It is the possibility of the dream, which quickens my spirit to take action.
So often we quit on the first failure. We must persistent long enough to achieve success.
Go forward and accomplish your God-given goals.
What is…” She flipped through a few pages, looked up into his eyes. “Is this…?” “My journal,” he said, reaching out to glide a knuckle down her cheek. Her skin was so damn soft. She was a contradiction in terms to him, and one that he found endlessly fascinating: a woman with the inner strength to rival any Spec Ops member he’d ever known, yet she had such a kind, soft heart beneath that hard-won armor. Resilient. Independent yet willing to compromise. Formidable in her confidence and strength of will, yet gentle and loving. He loved her so hard it hurt. “I bought it the night after you stayed at my place,” he continued. “I knew if I was going to have a real shot with you going forward then I needed to get my shit together once and for all. You said the writing thing really helped you so I called my counselor and talked to her about it. She thought it would be good for me too. So I wrote in it every day since. I’ve been working hard at it.” Taya leafed through the pages until she came to the end and looked back up into his eyes. “It’s full.” “Yeah. Guess I had a lot to say.” The tenderness in her eyes slayed him. “Nathan, I’m so proud of you.” Her pride in him made him feel twenty feet tall. He let out a relieved breath. “I want to read it to you. That’s my next step, if you’re okay with it.” “Of course it’s okay. I’d love for you to read it to me, as long as you feel comfortable doing it.” “That’s the thing, I am. And I wouldn’t be with anyone else except you. You make me feel…whole.” He didn’t know how else to say it, how else to explain himself, except he needed her to know he was trying like hell to deal with his issues. “I know I’ve got a long way to go before I get to the same place you’re at, but I’m willing to put in the work to get there. I feel safe with you and I’m ready to move forward, let go of all the stuff that happened before. Like you said, I’m doing it for me. I’m sick of my past having any kind of hold over me. So I’m going to do whatever it takes to make peace with it.” Her answering smile lit up her whole face, made her gray eyes sparkle like gems. “Then I’ll gladly listen to whatever you want to say.” Warmth kindled in his chest. She did that; warmed him from the inside out, just by being her. “Good, because I love you.” She froze, her eyes widening slightly. He nodded, laughed at her shocked expression. “Yep, I love you. That’s what I came here to say. I love you and I’m a better man because of it, but not as good a man as I’ll be down the road if you stand by me.” Her eyes filled with tears and she flung her arms around him. “I love you too,” she blurted out against his neck. “So, so much. And of course I’ll stand by you.” Nate felt like his heart might burst. He hugged her hard. “Would you move to Virginia with me? When your dad’s strong enough. I know you need to be here for a while longer, but after that, I want you in my bed every night so I can wake up beside you each morning.” She gave a soggy laugh, her face still buried in his neck. “There you go again with the romance.” “Oh, baby, have I got plans for you.” He stroked a hand over her back, fascinated by the combination of softness and strength that was uniquely her. Then his stomach rumbled, making her smile. He was starving, hadn’t eaten since lunchtime. “Hey, you wouldn’t happen to have any bacon in the house, would you? Because I’d kill for a BLT right now.
Failure is not defeat. It is the start of lifelong learning adventure.
Children are gentle and heed. Adults are tough and seize. Wise men and women have the strength and flexibility to do what's right.
Pursue your dreams. You will be amazed about what you can achieve it.
I am born to win.
And there was something else that came through loud and clear. Something I saw in Leonard’s eyes sometimes when he was remembering those times. Whether they openly share their experiences with us, or keep them buried deep inside, these men all have a profound and overriding sense of pride that they accepted the challenge and they did the difficult and dirty job that absolutely had to be done.
It's scary to make friends, it's scarier to stand up for a friend, but it's scariest to not be a friend for fear will be your only company.
They say, "Look before you leap." So look. But do not look for too long. Do not look into the void of uncertainty trying to predict each and every possible outcome, to evaluate every possible mistake, to prevent each possible failure. Look for the opportunity to leap, and leap faster than your fear can grab you. Leap before you talk yourself out of it, before you convince yourself to set up a temporary camp that turns into a permanent delay on your journey into your own heart.
Letting go of people doesn’t mean you never loved them. Sometimes, it is the greatest act of love because it teaches them to be accountable for how they treat people who care. Maybe, not now, but years from now, they will look back and realize that kindness is more than yelling casual suggestions to a person that is drowning in their sea of apathy.
Rise up oh heart, for there is another battle to win.
I am a strong woman, I can endure it all.
... an utterly fearless man is a far more dangerous comrade than a coward.
You are a leader when your actions encourage someone to reveal himself with hope, courage, confidence and trust.
Now all these virtues mean one thing, and that is bravery. A Sioux boy was taught to be brave always. It was not sufficient to be brave enough to go to war. He must be brave enough to make personal sacrifices and to think little of personal gain. To be brave was the supreme test of a Sioux boy, and this bravery might receive a greater test in times of peace than in times of war.
Our experiences always teach us something. If the experience is "bad", then the lesson is even more powerful and meaningful. Every unfortunate incident makes us stronger and better equipped to handle new challenges.
When someone is walking beside us, we have more courage to walk into the unknown and to risk the dark and messy places in our journey.
Instead of complaining about your situation, actually do something about it. Playing "poor me" just ain't sexy.
I would rather be the person who steps in front of a whole gang to defend someone and gets beaten up for it than the person who watches from a safe hiding. There were times I hid, and I think the shame hurts more than the bruises would have.
... the most reliable and useful courage was that which arises from the fair estimation of the encountered peril,
If I rise up again against the foe, dare I stand alone?
It is not the path that you have trouble finding. You knew your path since your first daydream. It's courage you're searching for - courage to trust yourself and stop searching for a travel partner who knows better than you where to go. And courage is only built in action.
There is no future in the past. Any tour into the past is perhaps courage to live at the average level as you did; old and cold, blind and blunt! Come out! Out of the past and change position. You matter, your future matters
Arise in the power of might.
Nothing belonged to her. She had no home. With no home and no place and now freedom coming to her, she felt an unusual surge of courage.
Every great story begins with a very courageous step into the land of the unknown.
Whenever you hear yourself or others telling you you cannot do something, do that particular something, and notice how quickly everyone shuts the hell up.
Prove yourself and others wrong everyday by redefining who you THINK you are, through performing actions you would normally deem impossible or uncharacteristic of you.
Penny was a very pretty, witty and brave girl, as bold as a Marine platoon storming Iwo Jima.
Courage lays within easy reach of a child who knows nothing of how easily understanding can unravel, leaving a set of rules that apply to nothing, and an empty heart.
The tears and the pain all but blinding her, she forced open her eyes one more time, to a curtain of dark hair; to a waterfall of black ink spilling across the last page of her life. No. I’m not nothing. I was loved.
Family and friends become oppressors the moment they teach you that loyalty is more important than what is done to people outside your social circle. What they are really saying is this: Save yourself because God is more interested in an intact family or social circle that looks righteous, rather than you being a person of integrity that has compassion for others. It is this absurdity that teaches the wrong version of God and creates the next generation of "me" centered individuals.
You feed your fears to grow muscles against you when you run away from what frightens you. Little do you know that it’s frightened when you face it boldly!
Let you limitation fuel your determination to work on your strengths.
Life will either shrink or expand based on your decision to have courage.
Courage is the willingness to act in spite of fear.
Courage uncovers strength, grace reveals beauty, vulnerability expresses humility, inner peace reflects contentment
Have courage to go your own way and fulfil the dreams that are unique and important to you.
We were born to be free, to expand our horizons by going where we have never gone before, and not to hang out in the relative comfort and safety of the nest, the known. There is a place within us that is courageous beyond our human understanding; it yearns to explore beyond the boundaries of our daily life.
Remember, there are cookies waiting here for you.
May you find renewed energy, courage and hope to pursue new adventures.
Acknowledge your fear, odd one. Fearlessness is for the insane and the arrogant. You are neither. Those who rely on you for their lives will be well served only if you fear what you should fear. You are a unique soul, a child of grace, but you can still fail yourself and others.
There’s merit in being different, inspiration in being individual, courage in being unique, and freedom in being yourself.
If an eighty-six-year-old woman has been clear-seeing from a young age, she will have gone through a lot of life developing a keen eye for snares and pitfalls, an ear for deceit, and a good nose for knavery. And by such an age, a smart woman with no illusions is one to whom courage comes far more readily than it does to those young people who don't yet know the world for what it is.
The Naga laughed softly, 'There's a thin line that separates courage from stupidity.''And that line is only visible in retrospect, my friend. If I'm successful, people will call me brave. If I fail, I will be called foolish. Let ,me do what I think is right. I'll leave the verdict to the future.
Blood has an oder faint but distinct, of conceit and modesty, of courage and cowardice, of charity and greed, of faith and doubt, in short the fragrance of what we might have been and the smell of what we are...
If we were to excavate the deepest recesses of our consciousness, we would discover many beliefs about ourselves that are simply not true and that may never have been true. Yet we live from these beliefs as if they were true because we have never identified them clearly enough to question them, to challenge them.
People might consider you eccentric for being different, but this is good. Leaders and visionaries are not conformists afraid of standing out.
Daring life, optimistic living.
If we were to excavate the deepest recesses of our consciousness, we would discover many beliefs about ourselves that are simply not true and that may never have been true...We may have defined ourselves in a limiting way based on our history and the opinion of others...and we stay stuck there because we fail to recognize there is a door right in front of us providing another opportunity to redefine who we are today.
Do all the work you can, there is enough rest in the grave.
The way to fight fear is to do what you are afraid of. And the way to fight pain is to live with it, with an open heart.
Empaths did not come into this world to be victims, we came to be warriors. Be brave. Stay strong. We need all hands on deck.
You'll need courage because polyamorous relationships can be scary. Loving other people without a script is scary. Allowing the people you love to make their own choices without controlling them is scary. The kind of courage we're talking about involves being willing to let go of guarantees - and love and trust your partners anyway.
It takes a hell of a lot of courage to walk into your own story, but to be the hero of your own life you have to rescue yourself.
As long as we don't get turned into something that looks more like high school, more like everybody else and less like us, I'll be okay.
When the expected occurred, never panic, by keep calming, you gain control over the situation.
Growing up, I always had a soldier mentality. As a kid I wanted to be a soldier, a fighter pilot, a covert agent, professions that require a great deal of bravery and risk and putting oneself in grave danger in order to complete the mission. Even though I did not become all those things, and unless my predisposition, in its youngest years, already had me leaning towards them, the interest that was there still shaped my philosophies. To this day I honor risk and sacrifice for the good of others - my views on life and love are heavily influenced by this.
The will to dare, the power to act.
A dangerous and treacherous path is only worth it when the desire to have courage outweighs the driving need to get to the other side.
When you notice yourself desperately trying to think of an excuse to avoid a new experience out of FEAR, ANXIETY or INSECURITY, make the decision to say: "sure, I'll do it" , and see how your life improves.
I saw leaving any situation where I was treated with disrespect as evidence of my courage. I wanted my daughters to learn that lesson of worth from me.
Never look down upon yourself. You are special with special gift.
If you fall, rise up, shake off the dust and try again.
Free and fearless courage comes from time spent with Jesus.
There are many paths to the truth. We need only the courage to tread our own path, no one else's.
... the courage of one's opinions is always a form of calculating cowardice in the eyes of the 'other side'...
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances."— Aristotle
Turn over the rudder in God's name, and sail with the wind heaven sends us.
The Art of Living is to be yourself. It is to be true to yourself. The Art of Living is learning to live with love, awareness and truth. Meditation is the way to learn The Art of Living. Being is you. To discover your being is the beginning of life.You can live in two ways:1. Ego - effort and desire and 2.Being - no-effort, being in a let go with existence. Religion is The Art of Living.Five keys to The Art of Living: 1. Be life-affirmative. Life is synonymous with God.Live with reverence, great respect and gratitude for life. Feel thankful and prayerful. 2. Make life an heartful, aesthetic experience.Become more sensitive, sensuous and creative - and you will become more spiritual.3.Experience life in all possible ways.Experience all dualities and polarities of life: good/bad, bitter/sweet, summer/winter, happiness/sadness and life/death.Do not be afraid of experience, because the more experiences you have, the more spiritually mature you become. 4. Live in the present.Forget the past and the future - this moment is the only reality.This moment has to become your whole love, life and death.5.Live courageously.Do not become too result-oriented, because result-oriented people miss life. Do not think of goals, because goals are in the future - and life is in the moment, in the here and now.
Thank you for the pain. At least I am no longer afraid to face it next time.
You have the courage and will to overcome your fear and do what's required.
What's the face of a coward? The back of his head as he runs from the battle
Hang on! God will be thy strength in any act of your pursuit.
Stress is a thought, a perception of fear, it will melt away if welet our thoughts change with courage.
It takes tremendous courage to change and grow up to be what we want to be.
Never give your enemies a reason to celebrate your lack of courage.
Your plans and goals don’t scare the devil in anyway. Your courage to pursue your plans and goals always keeps him on the run. Be bold to make it happen!
There is nothing in the world so much admired as a man who knows how to bear unhappiness with courage."— Seneca
When you are in trouble, you need to put all your energies into thinking that there is a way out. Then, the bottom, the dark hole, becomes just a springboard from which you can leap so high that your head might hit a cloud.
Courage is making an unpopular decision and suffering through temporary discomfort because you know it will have the best long-term results.
Sometimes doing the right thing does take more courage, but the feeling it gives you deep inside makes it worth it.
I have met many Masters and most have an abundance of flaws and social failings. However, the one thing that separates them from the rest of us is their fearless ability to walk their own path regardless of the opinions of others.
Missional leaders not only feel the burden of God's mission but they also act on the burden and act upon it sacrificially. Leading a missional church is not for the faint of heart. It takes courage to push yourself beyond your comfort zone and to lead the church beyond it personal limits. Brokenness, inner turmoil and sacrifice will always be part of the missional leader's life.
Cheer up and give them out there a good reason to be happy.
Lack of courage is what makes big dreams to sit in the ink of the paper instead of them running in the shoes of actions. Without courage, you remain a dreamer!
Very few people have the nerve to grab their dreams. Most that you meet will be half-images or carbon copies of who they really want to be.
Leading a missional church is not for the faint of heart. It takes courage to push yourself beyond your comfort zone and to lead the church beyond it personal limits.
A life without integrity, faith, courage and a positive purpose, is an unnecessary gamble with no positive possibility.
God gave us the access, but we need to exercise courage to have it. No one lacks the access, but it’s only few that have the courage to grab it!
Denial is fear gone delusional. Acceptance is fear given to God. Engaging is fear overruled by God. Victory is fear banished by God.
i had to test your courage,” the stranger said.“courage is the quality most essential to understand the Language of the World.”..“you must not let up, even after having come so far,” he continued. “you must love the desert, but never trust it completely. because the desert tests all men: it challenges every step, and kills those who become distracted.
You have to have more than hope to get what you want in life.
Our long wanderings have made a man out of him, too. They have not only strengthened his frame and hardened his constitution, but they have given stability to his character. He is thoughtful and prudent, and his advice will always be valuable, while of his courage I have no doubt.
Be thankful to those who refuse to help you, for they force you to summon upon your warrior within.
Often what feels like the end of the world is really a challenging pathway to a far better place.
Courage is feeling justly afraid and yet still doing what is right.
Settling is not a destination, rather a vacation rental staring at an endless sea that dares you to cross its waves.
I stopped remembering the past and started visualising my future, the only thing left I could hold onto was hope; that the courage I have found along the way, is what will see me through.
Courage is not fearlessness.
Courage is a hard thing to figure. You can have courage based on a dumb idea or mistake, but you're not supposed to question adults, or your coach or your teacher, because they make the rules. Maybe they know best, but maybe they don't. It all depends on who you are, where you come from. Didn't at least one of the six hundred guys think about giving up, and joining with the other side? I mean, valley of death that's pretty salty stuff. That's why courage it's tricky. Should you always do what others tell you to do? Sometimes you might not even know why you're doing something. I mean any fool can have courage. But honor, that's the real reason for you either do something or you don't. It's who you are and maybe who you want to be. If you die trying for something important, then you have both honor and courage, and that's pretty good. I think that's what the writer was saying, that you should hope for courage and try for honor. And maybe even pray that the people telling you what to do have some, too.
When fear no longer takes hold, the possibilities are endless.
It takes great courage to accept the constant changes of the emotions within ourselves, and even more audacity to express them whenever they occur and without filter or delay.
Always protect your heart with unconditional self-love, faith and courage.
The beach was empty and dark but she couldn't hear her fear over the call of the surf.
I wish Merry was here," he heard himself saying, and quick thoughts raced through his mind, even as he watched the enemy come charging to the assault. "Well, well, now at any rate I understand poor Denethor a little better. We might die together, Merry and I, and since die we must, why not? Well, as he is not here, I hope he'll find an easier end. But now I must do my best.
To share our independence, to me, is synonym with “maturity”. Maturity means the combination of courage—to do something—and consideration—to stop doing that when it’s required. Kind of like the gas and brake in a vehicle.“To depend on Love isn’t the same as to depend on a single person to feel that connection towards Love. The more Love that flows through any given relationship, the more love that can flow towards other relationships, in contrast, a lack of Love in a relationship calls us to look out for anything else that could make us feel connected, feel accepted.“Most people aren’t ready for the kind of commitment and dedication required to ‘merge’ in someone else while retaining their individuality, and after a very short time, they feel suffocated and abandon such relationship.“In order to identify when we are receiving this energy from a particular—limited—individual, or when it is coming from Source, the Love that flows from Source is unlimited and increases constantly, whilst the other one needs constant recharge to continue to function. It’s as clear as the difference between sunlight and a torchlight.
When you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear.
I don't feel as strong today as I do on other days, but I know Your strength will prevail in my weakness. The enemy is always trying to fill me with fear and doubt and make me abandon this mission. Help me ignore the lies and have courage to go on each day
Life is filled with opportunities. Be courageous and fulfill your destiny. You were created for a purpose and once you realize your potential, you become unstoppable. Let no one get in the way of you pursuing your dreams.
Your past history is NOT an excuse.
It takes courage to do aid work but it takes bravery to put your thoughts and experiences out in front of the world.
Greatness emanates through endurance and triumph over the difficulties in life.
In you lies the courage and perseverance to endure and conquer any battle. But the question is, are your frequent thoughts cheering for your victory or constantly focusing on your weaknesses?
The courageous attitudes of leaders ramble around coward followers and sooner or later, they become courageous too!
A bold attitude is what true leaders use to crash down failure before they venture with their visions!
A new day is a new beginning,a new life to live!
Don't try to be brave all at once. Take it in steps.
Money isn't the solution to your problems. It only lets you carry your unhappiness around in style.
If you want to be happy you have to study people who are happy. You have to hang out with people that are happy. Life won't go in the direction you want, by simply trying to stay positive in a life you're not happy with. You have to know what you want and why you truly want it so badly. When you figure that out then you need to change your current identity, in order to fit the type of person you envision would make those dreams come true. Happiness is not reliant on the actions or inactions of other people. It is your “courage in motion” toward your dreams.
Do not settle for labels that presume you will never heal. Believe in yourself. Find a tribe who understands and believes in you too. Don't ever give up.
Strong enough to make holes in the rock are tiny drops of water that persist to fall. Persistence is the attitude that breaks down mountains one rock at a time!
God doesn't hand you an easy life because you will grow in it. He hands you a dream with hurdles, obstacles, setbacks, battles and challenges because he knows the real you is at the finishing line.
When you really want something, you will give up a million times, but your heart keeps taking you back to the starting line.
They say the young are fearless, but I would rather be brave. To dive into something with no regard for the consequences is not insignificant, but to predict, recognize, and prepare for all possible consequences and still charge on is something to marvel at, something to aspire to.
Remember that the bad days are not forever, and the trouble which seems so terrible at last.
Life had been hard on this girl, Jacob, but she had enough courage for an army.
Don't let what you thought you were yesterday keep you from becoming what you're meant to be today.
Grounding is taking a conscious effort to retract oneself from the world’s distractions, and then focusing on listening to isolate the voice of God within from the voice of the ego. The voice of God within is where all the answers lie.
The saying 'flattery gets you everywhere' appalls me. If you're going to pay someone a compliment make sure it's 100% genuine or not at all.-Flattery is deception and who wants to be lied to?
Fight for what you want because forever is a long time to be a quitter.
I can't find who wrote this (it was't me)but I think it is great. Before I was your mother, I was a girl.
War didn't scare me. I just didn't want to go all the way-hell over there to fight one. I had a reputation after that--I pretended I shot myself by accident, but everyone knew. I never did lose that reputation, but now most everyone is dead, and y'all ain't got any stories from them, so you have to believe mine by default: They were cowards, too. Everyone is.
There is absolutely no difference between a dreamer and a non-dreamer, if the dreamer's dream is not accompanied with faith, courage, perseverance, patience, and consistent actions. Every dream needs some consistent actions in order to give birth to success.
Life’s too short to do anything but enjoy it daily.
Sure, life as we know it is enough. But life as we don’t know it? That’s where the magic awaits. That’s where second chances abound.
She stood on the edge of tomorrow, a one person vanguard that believe. The city would soon follow her lead.
until we courageously find a cheaper antidote to our ignorance, we shall always pay a higher price for our ignorance courageously.
This is definitely the wrong time to allow fear and doubts to hold you back. Push yourself far away from your fearful past and into a blissful and prosperous future. God is your guide, protection wisdom, courage and strength. You were born to experience greatness.
True courage is not the absence of fear; it is refusing to let fear control your actions. ~ from the book "Do Hard Things
A life of success demands that you never starve your dreams from the actions, courage, and faith that they consistently need.
Until one comes who is mightier,The one sprung from misery,The one who was weak,The one who was hunted,The one marked with claw and vine,The one named in secret,The one called Jezelia.
Even though love covers all things, fear is what keeps us silent and keeps words unsaid. Fear keeps us standing in one place. Eventually, when it wins, it means we never got the courage to say what we needed to say.
I don't think anyone could really know her, just as the peak of her struggle blooms, she again appearered to have held it all together when the whole world; would have thought, she'd fall Apart.
Stormy Llewellyn, a woman of unconventional views, believes instead that our passage through this world is intended to toughen us for the next life. She says that our honesty, integrity, courage, and determined resistance to evil are evaluated at the end of our days here, and that if we come up to muster, we will be conscripted into an army of souls engaged in some great mission in the next world. Those who fail the test simply cease to exist.
There is nothing quite so tragic as a young cynic, because it means the person has gone from knowing nothing to believing nothing.
Scars prove that you're still here. That you can move on. Maybe missing a chunk of yourself, but here, goddamn it, surviving.
Danger confronted properly is not something a man must fear.
Your young, sitting back thinking about your future, you feel heavily in your heart your desire to create your dream; no matter the tasks set before you. You hold that feeling; close to you, and you age. Your told to grow up, get a job and become successful in ways that will make someone else proud, whilst ignoring the ache inside yourself. Truth is, we're all raised to conform; damn it our parents were raised to conform, but does that mean you have to, too? No, than unravel that long lost dream inside yourself and start to create a life from it, you'll walk alone for a while, you will break down every comfort zone you've ever known; slowly transforming into a being without one, and you know what..? even if it's going to be hard, possibly some of the greatest hurdles of your time; one thing will feel certain- you'll never have felt so empowered in all your life.
Don't look for the ninety percent of the darkness in a person's soul. Look for the ten percent of light they have left, then lend them yours because light was meant to be shared.
When positive attitudes meet with faith, courage, consistency and perseverance, miracles tend to happen.
Remember, we show courage in many ways.
I know of no better or quicker way to step into my greatness than to step out of what's familiar.
Courage rides on the coattails of confidence.
Real loved one's aren't afraid, and will suggest to you, what's in your best interest because they wouldn't want too see you suffer the consequences of, sideways, emotional impulse(s). To see you crash and burn, time after time, is the gratification of 'yes folk' lurking in your corner. You may not agree, but always consider the voice(s) that have consistently kept it real.
Courage is a requirement for facing your fears, doing things differently, and applying any new habits that align with and support your goals.
Before every great reward, comes the footprints of persistency, consistency, perseverance, courage, faith and patience.
I have, and always will, respect people that keep it real no matter what. Most people say “Just keep it real with me,” but the fact of the matter is this: Most people can’t handle the truth, don’t want to accept the truth, deny the truth, or simply aren’t willing to face THEIR truth. The next time that you tell somebody to be honest with you, make sure that you mean what you say. Have the courage to pay more attention, listen, and observe. But have greater courage to acknowledge “what is” and face YOUR truth with boldness. The truth is better than a lie any day. Be fearless!
Happiness is what happens when you build the level of awareness and courage to continuously identify, challenge, and replace your negative thoughts and beliefs.
The alternative to pain may be worse. When you live with an open heart, you will inevitably get hurt. The alternative of living a life closed off from experience, however, is barren. Ironically, it also still involves suffering. In fearing pain, we already feel the pain from our fear.
Courage is your natural setting. You do not need to become courageous, but rather peel back the layers of self-protective, limiting beliefs that keep you small.
It's time for you to step up with courage and fight tirelessly to take back all that your fears and doubts have stolen from you.
Keep pushing with faith, hope and courage, for there is a very valuable prize waiting for you at the end of your struggle.
Your true destiny is desperately waiting on you to start thinking, acting, and walking with faith and courage.
Believing in your potential and calling upon your courage to change will fuel your professional growth and help you accomplish goals.
At the end of the day, we all crawl, exhausted, to some doorstep. Some crawl to the doorstep of their new home, the one they have sought for miles without giving up their goal, exhausted by their determination. And others crawl to the doorstep of their prison, the one they have sought to escape, but gave up, exhausted by their determination. And we all enter our new home with a sigh of relief and put our feet up. Some rejoice. Others grow bitter. And yet, we are tired just the same.
You weren't born to live a life of failure. God brought you into this world to fight with faith and courage until each and every one of your battles is won. So by all means, always keep your mind strong, head up, and keep on fighting.
We must become bigger than we have been: more courageous, greater in spirit, larger in outlook. We must become members of a new race, overcoming petty prejudice, owing our ultimate allegiance not to nations but to our fellow men within the human community.
When you are no longer afraid is when you can be yourself.
When life gets hectic and you feel overwhelmed, take a moment to focus on the people and things you are most grateful for. When you have an attitude of gratitude, frustrating troubles will fall by the wayside.
Gratitude...here at home our faith dwindlespolitical division causes tensions to kindle -we should never forgetwho stands at the door -who shields us with armorand shall forever more...
Courage cannot be gifted to you, but it is a choice you make.
At Times I Am A Flower...at times I am a flower ~singularly defined ...
They thought he was scared all the time because he was a coward. The truth was, only he could see the world clearly enough to know how truly scary it was.
I think laughter may be a form of courage. As humans we sometimes stand tall and look into the sun and laugh, and I think we are never more brave than when we do that.
The Lord doesn't always make our paths smooth sailing, but He does make it possible to rise above adversity.
Those who lack courage are often the first to discourage.
How Did You Die?Did you tackle that trouble that came your wayWith a resolute heart and cheerful?Or hide your face from the light of dayWith a craven soul and fearful?Oh, a trouble's a ton, or a trouble's an ounce,Or a trouble is what you make it.And it isn't the fact that you're hurt that counts,But only how did you take it?You are beaten to earth? Well, well what's that?Come up with a smiling face.It's nothing against you to fall down flat,But to lie there - that's disgrace.The harder you're thrown, why the higher you bounce;Be proud of your blackened eye!It isn't the fact that you're licked that counts;It's how did you fight and why?And though you be done to death, what then?If you battled the best you could;If you played your part in the world of men,Why the critic will call it good.Death comes with a crawl, or comes with a pounce,And whether he's slow or spry,It isn't the fact that you're dead that counts,But only, how did you die?
Honor LostAmbulant sunshine piercedthe soot covered glass ~the feeble man wandered byin this ritual morning pass ...
Courage is just dreams with shoes on.
When she spread her wings and leaped screeching into the air she had not the slightest doubt that every hand below her would stretch to catch her. And if one could leap from a height with no fear of falling, could one not be said to possess the secret of flight? Just like a bird, just like a god.
Mary remained weeping for her friend Jesus who had been all the world to her, and whose death ad meant the loss of that world. With great courage to be alone, and great courage to love despite devastating loss, she struggled to carry on, hoping to find and rebury Jesus' missing body. Suddenly Jesus stood before her alive again, calling her name. She turned, reaching, and said "Rabbouni!" "Noli me tangere," he replied- "don't touch me." If the courage to be alone requires also the courage to love, the courage to love still does not overcome loneliness.
ANDREW: But do you think there’s a line? You know, where you discourage the next Charlie Parker from becoming Charlie Parker?FLETCHER: No. Because the next Charlie Parker would never be discouraged.
Courage is to act on your beliefs or opinions especially in spite of criticism.Not to act on someones idea of what your courage should be....
You cannot learn from the mistakes of the past if you do not have the truth. You cannot make amends for mistakes if you do not have the truth. You cannot build a future if you do not have the truth. A nation cannot survive if it does not have the courage and the strength to face the truth.
In the vast world of supreme worriorship, courage is what separates one from the crowd.
Anyone can be a hero, even those who cannot!
Life can be the worst bully in the world,” Grandpa said and pointed a finger at Mathieu. “And you will stand up to that bully.
At least half of his hunters writhed on the ground with grubs already inside them, causing horrendous agony. These had to be helped away by terrified Ship People whose courage lay trembling in their hearts as lightly as leaves.
Your potential exceeds your beliefs. Be courageous and chose the impossible.
I could stand alone because I knew I was not alone.
Work, love, courage and hope,Make me good and help me cope!
Free your mind of that which you have no control. It is not only good to do so for your mental, but your overall health. Some people must learn from experience. You can convey knowledge to them and offer to show them the way. But, that doesn't mean your wisdom will be accepted or appreciated.
Active Hope is not wishful thinking. Active Hope is not waiting to be rescued . . . . by some savior. Active Hope is waking up to the beauty of life on whose behalf we can act. We belong to this world. The web of life is calling us forth at this time. We’ve come a long way and are here to play our part.With Active Hope we realize that there are adventures in store,strengths to discover, and comrades to link arms with.Active Hope is a readiness to discover the strengthsin ourselves and in others;a readiness to discover the reasons for hopeand the occasions for love.A readiness to discover the size and strength of our hearts,our quickness of mind, our steadiness of purpose,our own authority, our love for life,the liveliness of our curiosity,the unsuspected deep well of patience and diligence,the keenness of our senses, and our capacity to lead.None of these can be discovered in an armchair or without risk.
Loving someone doesn't mean you have to bow down to them or drop everything and run to their relentless calls. They must understand and love you enough to give you the respect that you deserve. Loving someone doesn't mean you have to shower them with gifts all the time. Give them your honesty, hope, joy, and encouragement on a daily basis.
Courage is the difference between success and failure. You must have this attitude, this is the right thing to do, so let's do it.
Matsu gathered up what little was left of the food and wrapped it back up in the furoshiki. 'I followed you and the others down to the beach yesterday morning. I wondered if you might try to find your way to peace as she did.''I couldn't,' I began to cry, turning away in shame. Then Matsu leaned over close to my ear. He smelled of sweat and the earth as he whispered, 'It takes greater courage to live.
Build a solid courage behind what you believe you can do. Your dreams may drift and fall, but when your courage is strong and still, you can’t shift; you’ll lift your dreams again!
Face your monster boldly, the whole world will cheer you on. Run from your monster fearfully, Heaven will cry over your pieces.
By strengthening our compassion, we give fuel to our courage and determination.
if people do not understand you outrightly, do not worry; understand people outrightly and act with wisdom, courage and understanding
The crocodiles that frighten from crossing the rivers of our destinies are easily drowned with personal confidence but not team courage. It means you owe it to yourself to defeat your own crocodiles and cross over to the other side!
Life is a test of courage, It's only worth if you can learn to withstand your most trying times and remain stable, steady, simple and strong in different places and spaces.
Remember always where the dreaming ends and the being begins. Draw a line for everything you care about and then step over it.
I can bow to fear and flee the pursuit of great things. I can bow to God and engage in the pursuit of making things great.
The lift is about SPEED and COMFORT, but the stairs are about CERTAINTY! The lift may go wrong but stairs seldom do, you can always take the stairs. They are BOUND to take you UP and to the END as long as you continue to climb!
The people that truly love us in life don't fight for us to remain a doormat for others.
He could silence me, but Rob had no power over my mind
A lot of people think that being a Gallagher Girl means not being afraid of anything. Actually, that couldn't be further from the truth. It's not about ignoring fear. It's about facing it, knowing the risks and the costs and sacrificing safety and security anyway.
Stop expecting the world to affirm you as a person. Half of the world will like you and the other half will hate you, despite what you say or do. Christ knew this truth, but he did his life mission anyways.
We might be hollow, but we're brave
The leader must have both – the courage to take the people to a daring destination and the humility to selflessly serve others on the journey.
For the sake of all the others who are like you, but less strong and less gifted perhaps, many of them, it's up to you to have the courage to make good.
That is what love does, it upstages fear.
Only a demon would prevent a person from saving lives or fulfilling their life mission. There is no reasoning with the devil. Stand with pride because your heart is filled with the goodness of helping others, while theirs is filled with helping themselves.
Just underneath your breaking point lies your true strength.
You might lose battles in your life time. However, every person that stands bravely on the side of justice, for people that have no voice, wins the true battle---Gods.
To a coward, courage always looks like stupidity.
It is through strength of character, not luck, do we form the predictable path of our future.
In this space, in this moment, we are who we want to be. I am lucky, because for me that doesn’t take much courage. But for others, it takes a world of bravery to make it to the clearing.
When the future is fogged and ahead lays opportunity but risk, it is better to tread a careful path through the uncertainty than to wait for the mist to clear, if it ever does.
Courage injures the strong ones who have no wisdom, but it motivates the brave ones, to always win.
We've made our decisions, We've taken our choices, What's left, is only a hand-full of emotions.
Continuous understanding goes with love, courage, respect, discovery and acceptance of mistakes.
Boldly they rode and well,Into the jaws of Death,Into the mouth of hell.
And an even worse example, I think, than the cheapening of the word CHARITY is the new newspaper cheapening of the word COURAGE.Any man living in complete luxury and security who chooses to write a play or a novel which causes a flutter and exchange of compliments in Chelsea and Chiswick and a faint thrill in Streatham and Surbiton, is described as "daring," though nobody on earth knows what danger it is that he dares. I speak, of course, of terrestrial dangers; or the only sort of dangers he believes in. To be extravagantly flattered by everybody he considers enlightened, and rather feebly rebuked by everybody he considers dated and dead, does not seem so appalling a peril that a man should be stared at as a heroic warrior and militant martyr because he has had the strength to endure it.
He that feareth is a slave, were he never so rich, were he never so powerful. But he that is without fear is king of all the world. Though hast my sword. Strike. Death shall be a sweet rest to me. Thraldom, not death, should terrify me.
They told me, I am not good enough, not strong enough, not tall enough, not smart enough. They told me I can not win, but they did not tell me how to lose. They taught me a lot of things, but You can not teach courage. That is why I succeed.
I am not without fear, but courage is taking action despite the fear. Knowing what you want, what you are meant to do, and proceeding despite any knots in your stomach or rocks stuck in your throat. It is walking boldly into the unknown with your chin held high... even if it quivers.
I feel like people around me are betters voting on the wrong horse in the race. I am that horse, always failing to make others win.
I felt afraid. No one would know that, not Mother and not Mike. I’d keep the fear pushed down inside of me, and no one would know it was there. “I’m awfully happy,” I wrote. I was. Awfully happy and awfully in love, and tomorrow I was marrying Mike.
In hard times nothing is visible life seems to beat you down, with courage hit the problems ball will be in your court.
It is about time to see within us a real change and let it happen as we have made before we start.
I'm on the edge of a precipice.
At dusk, Wakefield “had my most important thought that day.” Wading into chest-deep water at first light that morning, “I found that my legs would hardly hold me up. I thought I was a coward.” Then he had discovered that his sea bags with their explosives had filled with water and he was carrying well over 100 pounds. He had used his knife to cut the bags and dump the water, then moved on to do his job. “When I had thought for a moment that I wasn’t going to be able to do it, that I was a coward, and then found out that I could do it, you can’t imagine how great a feeling that was. Just finding out, yes, I could do what I had volunteered to do.
Sometimes is not in the battle field where truth and courage only shows. You can win in any place with the help of your courage.
Time seemed to stand still as she noticed three droplets of blood splattered on the Indian's cheek. Crimson red, she thought. Three crimson red droplets. The color of the rubescent calla lilies in her mother's garden. Her mother had explained the wine colored flower meant strength, and passionate courage. How fitting, Zee thought as shock of the reality around her began to set in.
Scarlett O'Hara did the most courageous thing she had ever been called on to do. She faced up to failure.
If you need to know courage then you personally is the courage you discovered by yourself, try harder things and it will show up.
To demonstrate integrity, a person must have the courage to consistently adhere to a strong ethical code, even in difficult situations.
Despite what you’ve read, your sadness is not beautiful. No one will see you in the bookstore, curled up with your Bukowski, and want to save you. Stop waiting for a salvation that will not come from the grey-eyed boy looking for an annotated copy of Shakespeare,for an end to your sadness in Keats.He coughed up his lungs at 25, and flowery words cannot conceal a life barely lived. Your life is fragile, just beginning, teetering on the violent edge of the world. Your sadness will bury you alive, and you are the only one who can shovel your way out with hardened hands and ragged fingernails, bleeding your despair into the unforgiving earth.Darling, you see, no heroes are coming for you. Grab your sword, and don your own armor.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
You cannot become a peacemaker without communication. Silence is a passive aggressive grenade thrown by insecure people that want war, but they don't want the accountability of starting it.
Decisions of character come from understanding that they are accountable to God only, not to family, spouses, religious leaders, corporations, public opinion or your own ego.
Deep in the recesses of our mind is a trophy shelf on which sits many bottles. Each bottle contains the pain of a hurt that we have overcome and for which we have a scar - our badge of courage. Occasionally, a memory will knock the bottle off the shelf, the cork will come out and the pain is back. What we should notice each time this happens is that the pain is less intense, it takes less time to return it to the bottle and back onto the shelf and that our scar - our battle wound becomes stronger.
We need the courage to create ourselves daily, to be bodacious enough to create ourselves daily — as Christians, as Jews, as Muslims, as thinking, caring, laughing, loving human beings. I think that the courage to confront evil and turn it by dint of will into something applicable to the development of our evolution, individually and collectively, is exciting, honorable.
It is during a time of failure we bury a past and resurrect a future. Becoming righteous, discerning, and wise are our most prized possessions and across every cultures-this is the greatest feat of all human life.
Who we are is determined by the actions we take, the words we choose to say, the people we love. And for some that love brings hope. For others, courage. And for some, the luckiest of individuals, that love brings with it a knowledge of contentment, an understanding of strength, and the reward of uncovering exactly who you are.
Hope is a believe in God.
What do you have that the Lord didn’t provide?What do you need that the Lord can’t provide?
Your love is as stable as you are: It's not about how good a person makes you feel, but rather what good you can do for them.
Be the hero of your children’s story. Never let them believe for a minute that honor, courage and doing what is right is only reserved for other fathers and mothers.
I thought I would die without you, in reality I was reborn...
Even the Sun gets tired of rising, but he does it out of love for the Earth...
This tub is for washing your courage...When you are born your courage is new and clean. You are brave enough for anything: crawling off of staircases, saying your first words without fearing that someone will think you are foolish, putting strange things in your mouth. But as you get older, your courage attracts gunk and crusty things and dirt and fear and knowing how bad things can get and what pain feels like. By the time you're half-grown, your courage barely moves at all, it's so grunged up with living. So every once in awhile, you have to scrub it up and get the works going or else you'll never be brave again. Unfortunately, there are not many facilities in your world that provide the kind of services we do. So most people go around with grimy machinery, when all it would take is a bit of a spit and polish to make them paladins once more, bold knights and true....This tub is for washing your wishes...For the wishes of one's old life wither and shrivel like old leaves if they are not replaced with new wishes when the world changes. And the world always changes. Wishes get slimy, and their colors fade, and soon they are just mud, like all the rest of the mud, and not wishes at all, but regrets. The trouble is, not everyone can tell when they ought to launder their wishes. Even when one finds oneself in Fairyland and not at home at all, it is not always so easy to catch the world in its changing and change with it....Lastly, we must wash your luck. When souls queue up to be born, they all leap up at just the last moment, touching the lintel of the world for luck. Some jump high and can seize a great measure of luck; some jump only a bit and snatch a few loose strands. Everyone manages to catch some. If one did not have at least a little luck, one would never survive childhood. But luck can be spent, like money, and lost, like a memory; and wasted, like a life. If you know how to look, you can examine the kneecaps of a human and tell how much luck they have left. No bath can replenish luck that has been spent on avoiding an early death by automobile accident or winning too many raffles in a row. No bath can restore luck lost through absentmindedness and overconfidence. But luck withered by conservative, tired, riskless living can be pumped up again--after all, it is only a bit thirsty for something to do.
Live for what you love, and die for what you're unwilling to live without...
You will never develop courage if you don’t stand in the middle of the battle afraid and pick up the sword anyways, to defend what is right. You might feel like you are outnumbered, but heroes always are.
We search for happiness across every landscape, if only we knew that the seed in which it first grows, is planted within ourselves...
Courage is God's way of testing the virtues you profess to have and your level of commitment to everything you think you are.
Keep holding on, stay strong. If the world gives up, just keep fighting.
Kindness gives courage.
Your kindness becomes your courage.
Always do good for others because when people try to drag your name through the mud, God will always bring a storm to wash it away.
It would be nice if the story ended differently - if he had burst into tears and professed his love for me; if he had said the same three words back and hugged me; if he had given it thought and then asked if we could try a relationship. But you know what? I said those three words to a boy who didn’t love me back, at least not in that way. He casually dropped a “love you” later on, and in a platonic ‘you have impacted my life’ way, he was telling the truth. But I knew. He had given it thought, and we were not on the same page. I built up all this courage to say “I love you” for the very first time, and I said those words to a person that couldn’t reciprocate them. But guess what? I don’t regret any of it.
Overcoming obstacles requires commitment and strength. Despite all odds, face each journey with courage, each struggle with accomplishment, and each challenge with victory.
Courage make you strong, to become better person Show kind feelings to others.
One of the first lessons life teaches us is that on these occasions of back-chat between the delicately-natured, a man should retire into the offing, curl up in a ball, and imitate the prudent tactics of the opossum, which, when danger is in the air, pretends to be dead, frequently going to the length of hanging out crêpe and instructing its friends to gather round and say what a pity it all is.
The irony is, nothing is more frightening than being frightened.
We can never achieve and succeed without first making excellence second nature.
Because courage, survival, love—all these things didn’t live in one man. They lived in them all or they died and every man with them; they had come to believe that to abandon one man was to abandon themselves.
Without courage, little is done and accomplished.
Aristotle deemed courage to be the first virtue, because it makes all the other possible.
What I’ve yet to realize is that each time I work to avoid that which I fear, I have in that very same action forfeited the blessings that my fear blinded me to. And I’ve yet to realize that with God, the blessings will always and forever eclipse whatever I fear despite how absolutely imposing those fears might be
One of the best confidence builder is experience.
You can never know everything, and part of what you know is always wrong. Perhaps even the most important part. A portion of wisdom lies in knowing that. A portion of courage lies in going on anyway.
I hope you know that you've given me the courage to change. I hope you know that who you are is who you choose to be, and that whispers behind your back don't define you. You are the only one who gets to decide what you will be remembered for.
All the things that people do in order to show that they don't need anybody... meanwhile, all they really want to do is say, "Please keep me." We all want to be kept. The problem is we are too afraid to let anyone know about it. What are these fragile things in our hearts that have so much fear of being broken?
Never tell her that something is impossible, because she'll kill herself proving you wrong.
I sweat terror, Robyn! I'm scared every single second about every single goddamned thing. I worry obsessively about being buried under an avalanche of fear. Jesus, Robyn, I'm scared like only the truly crazy ca
Defeat is only defeat if we accept it as defeat. Victory often comes after defeat, because one was too stubborn to allow it to be their reality. In the trail of any great conflict you will see the scuff marks, where the one was beaten down, but they could not be taught to stay that way.
Real is...just being you. It's not letting yourself be defined by other people's opinions of you, of who they think you are, or what they expect you to be. It's refusing to let them squash you into the box they've built for you, and just being yourself, no matter what anyone else thinks. Because you're never going to matter to everyone, just like everyone's never going to matter to you. So you choose the people whose opinions you care about, and you be real for them.
Each life has its share of heroism, an obscure heroism, born of abdication, of renunciation and acceptance under the merciless whip of fate.
A great leader fights with great adversity, suffers greatly, but courageously, and never forget to help others is his ultimate duty.
Greatness demands great courage.
Gather the courage to encourage yourself. Your self-motivation will energize you to dream of bigger ambitions to accomplish in life!
From kindness comes courage.
For a leader, courage, love, and passion for service are the virtues of life.
If anyone doesn't agree with you, the truth is on your side.
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you free.
She didn't know what would happen because of this. But she knew that today, she would hurt no one. She threw back her blankets and though only of today.
But the Warrior never allows himself to be discouraged.
I want to stand on the foundation of ethics and morals when the world around me would assault that foundation with all of its collective might, and in the standing I want to stand on the truth that that foundation will stand long after everything that has assailed it has itself has ceased to stand.
There is no shame in asking for help
I want to stand on the truth that God has designed us to stand, and that the opportunity to stand is the opportunity to live exuberantly and gloriously.
Mediocrity is the companion of passivity and will not heed the call of great things. Courage is the companion of sacrifice and cannot help but heed the call of great things. And we are left of our own accord to choose one or the other.
You may need courage to say "NO", But you must be brave enough to say "YES" and not to do it
No matter your circumstance, there is hope, strength, and courage to be found.
it’s not bravery to walk through the jungle with a lion’s escort, but it is with a rabbit
Imagine how free we would feel and what we could accomplish if we could live without fear.
To live safely within the realm of possibility is to know nothing other than that which is possible. To live boldly within the realm of God is to experience everything that’s impossible.
I think you're wrong.""Well I think you're naive," Hayley snapped."Maybe," Marley conceded, starting to walk away. "But I'd rather be that than a bully like you.
It’s not enough to wish, dream, hope. Even children know this. We must set sail into the sea of uncertainty. We must meet fear face-to-face. We must take our dreams as maps for a greater journey. Dreams, to come true, need a good story. So go live one.
Always remember that those with very important paths to fulfill will always be forced by life into the fear of the very things that their true paths consist of, in order to prevent the destiny from ever happening. Or perhaps, in order to strengthen the courage of the heart, because courage is to look into a direction, make a choice and to actually do that which you are afraid of, and what is destiny if it is not fulfilled by a heart full of courage and brawn?
You have control over doing your respective duty, but no control or claim over the result. Fear of failure, from being emotionally attached to the fruit of work, is the greatest impediment to success because it robs efficiency by constantly disturbing the equanimity of mind.
Courage is like magic, courage vanishes crisis.
I was thinking, and realised how simple my goal has been— just to be me! I didn't want to be a good person and change the world; I just wanted to be me! Against all odds, I wanted to make sure that I turned out as myself and not into my family, my society, my religion... I wanted to make sure that I turned into me! But then after that first realisation, I made a second realisation; and that is, that becoming yourself against all odds is probably the highest attainment you could ever dream of or hope for! After all, the minute we are born, we are born into a world that isn't interested in making us who we are; but rather, is interested in making us who they think we are supposed to be! It is a most courageous act to become yourself, no matter what! And you can move mountains and change the world without trying to! As long as you fight for you!
Everybody’s scared, but if you don’t let your fears stop you, that’s bravery.
Courage is the difference between success and failure. You must have this attitude, this is the right thing to do.
I never saw it coming; I never thought you’d leave, but baby what you gave me was the courage to find me.
Fear not the unknown. It is a sea of possibilities.
Of course you have passions and talents. Of course you have some purpose in the world. Your emotions are guiding you towards it. Each time you discover something that you like or something that you hate, you discover yourself. Everyone can do this. If you didn't like some things more than others, you'd be living in a sewer eating grass. More often than not, it's those things you think are too weird, too personal, or too imperfect that you must share. The world does not await your perfection. It awaits your courage and your honesty. Let yourself be seen.
Courage, self-reliance and decisiveness are the main traits that define a man.
If you don't know what it is you're looking for you're NEVER going to find it. You have to be clear on what it is you're seeking.
Dreams and freedom are the same. In order for them to be, they come with a price.
What if I have nothing left to fight for? I say, my voice shaking."Then you fight until you find something to fight for. But the moment you stop fighting the current, the moment you surrender to it, that's when you are truly lost.
We can overcome the uncertainties in life with courage and hope.
He was one of those rare people, rare in our town as elsewhere, who have the courage of their good feelings. What little he told of his personal life vouched for acts of kindness and a capacity for affection that no one in our times dares own to.
Because words have deep meaning, Tweets have power.
It was strange how fear had gone,now that we knew the worst and had a fighting man by our side.
Most attribute the domain of night to evil because they can't see. People fear the shadows of the night because shadows represent the unknown, and the unknown is frightening. They assume evil lurks behind every shadow, in every corner not illuminated. But their fear of the unknown is often what really terrifies them. They find comfort seeing in the daylight for that reason, but the irony is they are often more blinded by their comfort than by the shadow of night. It's a pity. If they could overcome their fear of the unknown they might realize that the unknown is not evil, it is simply an opportunity waiting to be explored. The night is no more a domain of evil than the daylight, both were created good, both have evil lurking in them. When you can overcome your fear, the night becomes a domain of beauty interlaced with danger, and that is exciting!
When a man comes out of great danger, he is apt to be a little deaf to the call of duty.
Embrace courageously the challenging beauty of life.
Fear not the unknown. For it is a sea of possibilities.
There comes a time, you have to stop running, stop pretending, and just be the man you were meant to be. It doesn't matter what it costs, because to not be that man, that’ll cost you your soul. What am I going to do? I’m going to love him until the stars fall out of the sky.
It takes a surprising amount of courage to place one's hand into an unseen area when your mind is thinking about vermin.
The soul of a man is strong enough to withstand any adversity.
live.fight.then you are allowed to die
The attempt to escape from pain, is what creates more pain.
LET’S GO BACK HOMEI can't think about you,Without smiling.What I wouldn’t give,To go back there,Take you in my arms,Kiss you, And tell you,"I still love you."It's been three decades now,And still your smile's with me,Your wave goodbye, The love in your eyes, And everything else you gave me,Before that highway fog swept in,And stole your spirit away.Oh- to return by your side again, Fish beside the Pleasant Hill Dam,Hike through the Mayer's woods, Hang out on your big hill,Sleep naked in your twin bed,Fill your room with laughter- And marijuana smoke.You returned home-And I traveled on down the road,Found new loves,Safely took them under my wing,And deeply into my heart.But you know, as I do-This wasn’t always possible.I didn’t always have the fire- The courage to stand tall,The joy to expand, Nor the love to give deeply.These were all your gifts--To me.Someday-When I close my eyes for good,And cry out- "Lord- forgive me for I have sinned-"I'll joyously return by your side,Take you into my arms, Kiss you, And tell you,"I still love you.
It’s braver to stay. It takes courage to stay. I am sure I speak for all the single people here when I say that I don’t want to ever lack that courage. I don’t want to lose my best friend and my true love, just because I wanted tostay in control and not take a risk. Even if they walked away, even ifthey ran to the other side of the world, even if I thought that I didn't have a chance in hell, I still want to know that I did everything I couldto make it happen.
Get scared later, and if you're scared now remember what Kit always said. If you're not scared, she told me, it's not bravery. And you want to be brave, don't you, Snicket?
Courage is not the absence of fear. Only fools have no fear. Rather, courage is the intellectual mastery of fear by understanding the true risks and opportunities of the situation and keeping those things in balance
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.
Merin smiled. "I fought in battle and your mother bore two children. Of the two of us, I think she was the courageous one.
With her courage and determination, Malala has shown what terrorists fear most: a girl with a book.
Being genius does not necessarily mean knowing it all or having the highest academic qualification; but a persons ability to apply wisdom and common sense to common things in a distinctive manner and courageously, exhibiting the latent deft to the admiration of the masses
The secret to excitement is discovering new paths, and having the courage to take them.
Life is uncertain.Lord grant us gracious courage to face the uncertainty of life.
The truth is real change begins with your willingness and courage to take the first step forward. Usually, the first step is the most difficult one to take. All resistances and old habits must be eliminated. Deep within you there must be determination to overcome your obstacles. To believe God has something better for you and lean on Him as you persevere.
I feel as if I could be any thing or every thing, as if I could rant and storm, or sigh, or cut capers in any tragedy or comedy in the English language.
Bravery usually looked stupid from the outside.
To hold the courage to let another witness our tears, while refuting fears invitation to shield face, is to grant the most privileged of all loving intimacies to them.
His importance to the century just past, and therefore his status as a figure in history as well as in literature, derives from the extraordinary salience of the subjects he ‘took on,’ and stayed with, and never abandoned. As a consequence, we commonly use the term ‘Orwellian’ in one of two ways. To describe a state of affairs as ‘Orwellian’ is to imply crushing tyranny and fear and conformism. To describe a piece of writing as ‘Orwellian’ is to recognize that human resistance to these terrors is unquenchable. Not bad for one short lifetime.
To die for a cause is easy, to live, to be steady day after day doing the small things, taking care of the details, knowing you will be forgotten by history and still choosing to do so, that is real courage
Bravery is an amazing and aggressive teacher. Its gives me the energy to dive into life, recover from disappointment, and mentally escape whatever locked door holds me in.
Get better acquainted with yourself, and understand the burning ambitions that dwell within. Be brave enough to follow these. They're your dreams. Follow your dreams. They are your purpose - your purpose will fulfil you. Find it, pursue it, stop at nothing. A happier you makes a happier world.
This is what life is about: seeing new places, meeting new people, grabbing life by the balls and squeezing until it coughs up a story worth telling.
Grow or Die - Don’t let your fear of uncertainty keep you from achieving your dreams, it is far riskier to stagnate.
I firmly believe the key difference between living a life fulfilled and a life of status quo is courage. Unless we find the courage to follow our Heart’s Wisdom – the wisdom of our Highest Self – we may never know the fullest joy that the Universe has in store for us.
When you become healthy, courageous, and hopeful, following your conscience becomes much easier. When people are healthy, courageous, and hopeful, it's difficult to bend their mind and will. They will speak out what they believe, and stand up and do what is right even when it means a loss to them.
You can always create the life you want.Workhard to fulfill your dreams.
Social Media begins with a story - your story.
I know there are things you aren’t telling me. Big things…Sir, I will find out. I only hope your reasoning is good enough for me to forgive you.
It is only when a man tames his own demons that he becomes the king of himself if not of the world.
We deny more than we confess. We hide more than we reveal. We assume because it makes us feel exposed if we have to ask. It's easier to say "I feel nothing" than to admit "I feel something." It takes no courage to say, "I hate you" but it takes a great deal of moxie to declare its opposite. Masks are elaborate and everyone has one. It takes a while to get to know people. This doesn't make them special, it makes them like everyone else. Sometimes our hearts scream yes while our heads say run; and only one can be obeyed.
The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.
Dare to courageous in life.You have nothing to lose.
May we each find in ourselves the courage we forgot we have, to see the beauty we forgot is inside us, while battling the demons we forgot we can slay, on a battlefield we forgot we can win.
Try not to compromise. So many people don’t do what they really want in their hearts because they feel like they’re not good enough, or they’re not smart enough, or they’re not talented enough… anything. And that doesn’t matter. In order for you to live a remarkable life — in order for you to live a life that is fulfilling — you need to be able to go after what you want. And if you don’t, you’re not going to achieve it — ever.
Courage is being who you are.Courage is sacred of thyself.
Her life is lived through the masterpiece of art, that she cannot draw.
Never give up.Never give up on your hopes.Never give up on your dreams.Never give up on your visions.
We are all born with a muscle for courage, but our education has wasted it away.
Be confident and courageous when you are about to make a start. Courage is key!
If I'm afraid to fall then how will I ever fly?
Being focused in life is not only knowing what you want, but also how and why.
When we are honest about the limitations we are self imposing it becomes necessary to cry out with determination and state you’ve had enough of the mediocrity of stagnation.
He supposed he was one of those unfortunates born with a great capacity for suffering.... He opened his eyes a moment and they were dark with fear, for only one race was run as yet and there might be many others.... Then his newborn courage came back to him and he accepted his suffering as the price he must pay for the gift of creation that was his. And suffering, he had discovered, could be the gateway to renewal, than which no more glorious experience can be man's on earth.
Here’s a hand to the boy who has courageTo do what he knows to be right;When he falls in the way of temptation,He has a hard battle to fight.Who strives against self and his comradeWill find a most powerful foe.All honor to him if he conquers.A cheer for the boy who says, “No!”There’s many a battle fought dailyThe world knows nothing about;There’s many a brave little soldierWhose strength puts a legion to rout.And he who fights sin singlehandedIs more of a hero, I say,Than he who leads soldiers to battleAnd conquers by arms in the fray.Be steadfast, my boy, when you’re tempted,To do what you know to be right.Stand firm by the colors of manhood,And you will o’ercome in the fight.“The right,” be your battle cry everIn waging the warfare of life,And God, who knows who are the heroes,Will give you the strength for the strife.
Frequent risk-takers have had their fair shares of failures and successes, hence, being confident in reaching their goals, they will usually seem insensitive to whether or not they look foolish or cool to other people.
I have extremely little courage myself, much less than you; but I have found that whenever, after a long struggle, I have screwed my courage up to do something I always felt much freer & happy after it.
I wish for you a more difficult life, somewhere in the complicated center, where the courage of your convictions blends with humility and respect for others.
Courage comes with action.
To know there is a better story for your life and to choose something other is like choosing to die.
Lord, thank you for the courage to live life.
You have enough courage to face even your greatest fear.
Of his first enemy encounter, Gen. Grant said that after his initial fear, "My heart resumed its place." Grant said he suddenly realized his potential enemy he had been "as much afraid of me as I had been of him.
Strive toward what you know you must achieve, in confident & courageous manner.
Courage, will-power and confidence in your abilities will carry you to greater heights.
There were all kinds of things I was afraid of at first, ranging from grizzly bears to ‘mean’ horses and gun-fighters; but by acting as if I was not afraid I gradually ceased to be afraid.
And one cold Tuesday in December, when Marie-Laure has been blind for over a year, her father walks her up rue Cuvier to the edge of the Jardin des Plantes."Here, ma chérie, is the path we take every morning. Through the cedars up ahead is the Grand Gallery.""I know, Papa."He picks her up and spins her around three times. "Now," he says, "you're going to take us home."Her mouth drops open."I want you to think of the model, Marie.""But I can't possibly!""I'm one step behind you. I won't let anything happen. You have your cane. You know where you are.""I do not!""You do."Exasperation. She cannot even say if the gardens are ahead or behind."Calm yourself, Marie. One centimeter at a time.""I'm far, Papa. Six blocks, at least.""Six blocks is exactly right. Use logic. Which way should we go first?"The world pivots and rumbles. Crows shout, brakes hiss, someone to her left bangs something metal with what might be a hammer. She shuffles forward until the tip of her cane floats in space. The edge of a curb? A pond, a staircase, a cliff? She turns ninety degrees. Three steps forward. Now her cane finds the base of a wall. "Papa?""I'm here."Six paces seven paces eight. A roar of noise - an exterminator just leaving a house, pump bellowing - overtakes them. Twelve paces farther on, the bell tied around the handle of a shop door rings, and two women came out, jostling her as they pass.Marie-Laure drops her cane; she begins to cry. Her father lifts her, holds her to his narrow chest."It's so big," she whispers."You can do this, Marie."She cannot.
We keep waiting to be crowned,Waiting for the world to judge us worthy of offering our brightest, most empowered and beautiful stuff. But that won’t happen. Your next certification or ordination or degree will do nothing for your expression in the world until you accept how unspeakably worthy and valuable you already are to be here and share yourself with us.
Have the courage to do what you're not ready to do.
I did not know the work of mourningIs like carrying a bag of cementUp a mountain at nightThe mountaintop is not in sightBecause there is no mountaintopPoor Sisyphus griefI did not know I would struggleThrough a ragged underbrushWithout an upward path...Look closely and you will seeAlmost everyone carrying bagsOf cement on their shouldersThat’s why it takes courageTo get out of bed in the morningAnd climb into the day.
The soul of us is never confused about why it is here.It only asks us to wake up and see the breadcrumb clues it has been leaving all along.It asks us to have courage to face the wounds we have been hiding, allow it to heal them and untangle the heavy, snarled patterns.Because the soul of us has no doubt whatever that it can and, if we allow it to express fully, can live a life of such power and joy through us that our human selves will be astonished.
Once you learn to hit, teach yourself to never miss again.
To do something you're afraid of, especially for the sake of somebody else, is the very definition of courage.
We are all born to fly. Instead, we sit on the branches afraid of the leap into the unknown. But the unknown is where enlightenment lives. Our true nature is the unknown.
Courage is the magic that turns dreams into reality.
But then life is never neat, it is made up of doors and trapdoors. You move down baroque corridors, and even when you think you know which door to open, you still need to have the courage to choose.
He says that it’s okay to be fearful. That some of God’s strongest warriors were frightened. The difference between a believer and the rest of the world is that we press on. We can be shaking in our boots, but we don’t turn back.
It takes courage and strength to be sensitive to things and even more strength and courage to own up to it or be vocal about it. Robots, the only things with a perfect lack of emotional capacity, are easily controlled, and I suddenly realized that’s why the military often trains people to suppress their emotions. Unfortunately for them, humans aren't machines. We feel, we love, we cry, we despair, and we rejoice. Anyone who’s ever tried to convince me not to feel is someone I shouldn’t have trusted. The only reason you should shut off your emotions and emulate a robot is if you're doing horrible things. How fatal my decisions have been. How many people would be loving, rejoicing, and feeling right now rather than crying indefinitely in the depths of the afterlife? If only I’d figured this out sooner.
When your cause is noble, you shall never know fear.
Even when you find yourself alone and in a 'place' where you feel it has no roads, continue to walk and explore; because in the midst of the unknown lay treasures unreachable to those who chose to stay in their comfort Zone.
The difference between you and me is that I always forgive you.
Wars are all fought by men who either believe they are right or who have no other choice. How they fight defines who they are when the blood stops flowing.
The innocent curiosity of children gives them astounding courage.
I'm not saying it's going to be easy; I'm saying it's going to be worth it. If it was easy, you would've done it by now
Too many people confuse real magic with magical thinking. Real magic isn't a trick and it transforms our lives. Magical thinking is denial.Real magic is what happens when we break old belief patterns and have the courage to employ the native laws of the Universe
Know yourself. Be authentic. Have courage.
Whether you are trying to finish a race or a book or that hard conversation you've been avoiding, the training leading up to that event is what makes it possible to face the fear & walk forward anyway. Quit complaining about discipline & start seeing it as a powerful tool for courageous living.
Anyone who tries to put fear in a heart, has lost their heart to fear.
Inferiority intentions are sample chapters of defeated stories... Courageous beginnings are examples of true leadership values!
Life loves to reveal herself to the raw, courageous doubters; to those who are willing to live inside the question.
One big blow can hit and destroy any strong door in front of you. As for the 1000 feeble blows, they can’t even remove the cobwebs. Courage is the key.
If a person cannot protect you, it is because you were meant to perfect them.If they cannot perfect you, you are meant to protect them.
The will to dream, the courage to act and the hope to win are the stuffs that make life meaningful! Create the life you wish to live and live it fully!
I'm not saying it's going to be easy; I'm saying it's going to be worth it. If it were easy, you would've done it by now
To show courage you must be in tune with your core values, understand your own fears and desires, committed to your integrity and tenacious in your ability to live it all in the face of oppostion.
You have two choices in life when it comes to truthful observations by others that anger you: You can be ashamed and cover it up by letting your pride take you in the extreme opposite direction, in order to make the point that they are wrong. Or, you can break down the walls of pride by accepting vulnerability as a strength, not a weakness. As you walk through your vulnerability, you will meet humility on the way to courage. From here, courage allows us to let go of shame and rise higher into the person we are meant to be, not the person that needs to be right. This is the road to confidence and self worth.
We fear our highest possibilities. We are generally afraid to become that which we can glimpse in our most perfect moments, under conditions of great courage. We enjoy and even thrill to godlike possibilities we see in ourselves in such peak moments. And yet we simultaneously shiver with weakness, awe, and fear before these very same possibilities.
Go, " he said. "This is your journey, your battle. Be brave. Find your gift. Use it to save what you love.
Truth was never meant to make you comfortable, unless you stand in the middle of it with acceptance.
I'm convinced that the world, more than ever, needs the music only you can make. And if it takes extra courage to keep playing in spite of your loss, many will applaud the effort. And who knows? Others may be inspired to pick up their broken instruments, their broken lives, and begin again.
Vulnerability + Action + Positive Thinking = Courage
It is important to refuse to be intimidated. That refusal must not be based simply on a calculation of the odds of succeeding. At times, in my case, multiple lawsuits and an ethics charge seemed overwhelming, and the fact that I knew my work to be accurate and responsible was only partial solace. l was well aware that court, like the National Football League, is an arena in which, on any given Sunday, anybody can win.The refusal to be intimidated must come, in the end, not from a sureness of succeeding but from a knowledge of the cost of scurrying for shelter through fake retractions and disowned truths. It is a question, in the end of self-respect.Who among us could, in good faith, ever face a survivor of childhood abuse again were we to run for cover when pressed ourselves? Children are not permitted that choice, and the adults who choose to work with them and with the survivors they become cannot afford to make it. It would be a choice to become. Through betrayal and deceit, that to which we object.Our alternative, then, is not to hide. Not to refuse to treat adult survivors, not to refuse to go to court in their defense, not to apologize and retract statements we know are true, but to cultivate endurance and tenacity as carefully as we read the research.Confessions of a Whistle-Blower: Lessons Learned Author: Anna C. Salter. Ethics & Behavior, Volume 8, Issue 2 June 1998
It's not going to be over until we say so.
Change will never happen if you lack the ability and courage to see yourself for who you really are.
Jane Austen had created six heroines, each quite different, and that gave Charlotte courage. There wasn't just one kind of woman to be.
God is the One who is with us when we have to do something we don't think we are capable of doing.
Success = Wisdom + Courage + Discipline. KNOW what to do, be BRAVE enough to do it, and LEAD YOURSELF to doing it again and again.
Let your passion and courage swell in you until you can no longer be contained by fear.
Runner up is champion of the losers.
The honor a man carries in his heart cannot be explained, lass," he said slowly. "Nor can you measure the courage of a man who will not betray his friends, even though he faces disaster himself. We've no right to question, unless we have known the same dilemma and acquitted ourselves with the same integrity.
being genius does not necessarily means knowing it all or having the highest academic qualification but a persons ability to apply wisdom and common sense to common things in a distinctive manner and courageously exhibiting the latent deft to the admiration of the masses
If there is to be any hope for the world, indeed if you really want to find satisfaction and happiness in your life, you must regard the return you will receive as a secondary consideration, if a consideration at all ……seek money first and you will ruin your land, or betray your profession…
lchiyuken was a low class servant in the kitchen of Lord Takanobu. Because of some grudge he had over a matter of wrestling, he cut down seven or eight men and was hence ordered to commit suicide. But when Lord Takanobu heard of this he pardoned the man and said, "In these strife-torn times of our country, brave men are important. This man would seem to be a man of bravery."Consequently, at the time of the action around the Uji River, Lord Takanobu took Ichiyuken along, and the latter earned unrivaled fame, advancing deep into the lead and plundering the enemy every time .At the battle of Takagi, Ichiyuken went so far into the enemy lines that Lord Takanobu felt regret and called him back. Since the vanguard had been unable to advance, only by quickly dashing out was he able to grab Ichiyuken by the sleeve of his armor. At that time Ichiyuken's head had suffered many wounds, but he had stopped them up with preen leaves which he bound with a thin towel.
May He give usall the courage that we needto go the way He shepherds us.That when He callswe may go unfrightened. If He bids us come to Himacross the waters,that unfrightened we may go. And if He bids us climb a hill,may we not notice that it is a hill,mindful only ofthe happiness of His company. He made us for Himself,that we should travel with Himand see Him at the lastin His unveiled beautyin the abiding city whereHe is lightand happinessand endless home.
Like the body, courage, too, is a thing weakened, especially when we are young and invincible. We can't give one the rest it needs and expect the other to protect us. Don't anger Nature with talk of wishing she had chosen differently. See to your own nature.
When you find yourself in need of courage, remember that it is your faith, not your spine, that needs strengthening! And your faith will be strengthened when you read the Bible, the only book with proven credibility to give you the courage to heal your disconnections and face your future with hope and confidence.
Innumerable victories are silently celebrated each day by those who maintain their courage.
In some situations, no one has courage to challenge the reason. Since faith causes the reasoning to evaporate.
Have the courage to live... Anyone can die.
I was never afraid of anything in the world except the dentist.
Avoiding things that you deem unattainable on first sight will limit you.
God has a way of picking a “nobody” and turning their world upside down, in order to create a “somebody” that will remove the obstacles they encountered out of the pathway for others.
Is it a weakness not being able to hate? Or is it preparation for what is inevitable, the ability only to love.
To win or lose often depends on set parameters. Expand the bounds of what is possible, and you may come out the true winner, outside the confines of its defining.
Time is an illusion, only the keepers of the illusion are real, and the reality they have spun, keeps us, until we set upon the path of the dream.
Let go and go beyond living the dream, by dreaming the reality, into a reality beyond the dream.
Whatever your difficulty, whatever your hardship in life: Dance and make the song you sing your prayer. Sing it courageously, and with each step strengthen yourself with the knowledge and wisdom of your elders, so that whatever next happens, you can survive and not lose your rhythm.
My goal is not to upset the apple cart, but to make it more accessible.
In these times where it has seemed dark indeedwhere integrity appears solely buried in legend and lore, it is an opportunity in contrast to the shadows, to create miracles...by choosing first courage, then diligence, standing, opening our mouth and speaking the truth that in rare moments, may ignite the light.
Courage has a ripple effect. Every time we choose courage, we make everyone around us a little better and the world a little braver. And our world could stand to be a little kinder and braver.
Courage can't see around corners, but goes around them anyway.
the world was in the hands of those who had courage to dream and to realize their dreams
They thought back on the tales that the soldier had told. They remembered Hazel, the gentle Bethlehem donkey, who used the last of her strength helping those who needed her. They remembered the donkey who stood on the mountain and accepted suffering so that others would not know pain. They remembered the donkey with a hundred names, the sturdy friend of Jack who proved that the most humble being can have the most courageous heart. They gazed at the soldier, who said, 'I fear that John will be sorry he gave the silver donkey to me. The silver donkey belongs to the trustworthy and the brave.
More and more obstacles seem to be other people's issues that form in the way of a hand to block one, to take notice of them? Sometimes noticing ahead of time, and taking the time to notice them, makes the hand part of an arm that embraces you. The obstacles become bridges for both to cross over, even if in opposite directions.
On one side of accountability is courage, on the other is freedom.
Good philosophy is always hate speech to evil doers.
It's not enough to have the feathers.You must dare to fly!
The only way I could conceive of waving a white flag, would be during the process of folding it, so to be used as a napkin later, at our victory dinner.
Thankfully existing only in SMALL pockets within our discipline, is “intellectual” snobbery. It’s a hushed but ugly truth that people are made to feel not worthy to be among a certain set – didn’t attend the right school or don’t have the requisite abbreviations to follow their name. I know what that feels like. Good thing I'm pigheaded, have a bigger vision and committed to my craft, or I would’ve succumbed to it long ago. That is why when I meet an emerging writer who’s serious about developing their craft, I try to encourage them as much as I can. I say IGNORE the highbrow cliques and prove your mettle by growing, accepting balanced feedback and most of all, creating work that will stand the test of time. Period.
Forgiveness was work, Eduardo told victims' families--but so, then, was love, and deciding what was right, and defending it. Recusing yourself from judgment so you won't be tainted by the aggressor's sin is the same as turning away from empathy so you won't be touched by the victim's pain.
The most important experiences of a man are those which take him to his or her limit.To learn beyond that, one needs to accumulate all the courage and expand his limits.Sex, pain and love are all extreme experiences. Dreaming big is another such extreme experience.
Walk on with the spirit of boldness; talk on with the glory of confidence. You have a mandated seal on your chest... When you go with a bold chest, the devil and his cohorts must give way!
To the extent a man can control chaos, he should put his testicles on the line and do so, but when a man can't, he should just step aside, or someone in the lineup behind him is gonna bite his ass.
Risk may bring pain, but risk also brings freedom and reward.
Our soul contains energy, transformed into Spirit, expressing dreams and thoughts through works of the mind.
Until we see the 'this- advantage' in the disadvantage we shall always be looking at the disadvantages in life. life does not present us with disadvantages, it gives us 'this- advantages' to take. It is only because of excuses and low courage that we regard 'this advantages' as disadvantages
Do not be afraid to color outside the lines. Take risks and do not be afraid to fail. Know that when the world knocks you down, the best revenge is to get up and continue forging ahead.Do not be afraid to be different or to stand up for what's right. Never quiet your voice to make someone else feel comfortable. No one remembers the person that fits in. It's the one who stands out that people will not be able to forget.
It's your words that gave me courage. It became my light that would guide me towards the right path again. -Jellal Fernandes
She was enfolded in the great wings of Mrs. Whatsit and she felt comfort and strength pouring through her. Mrs. Whatsit was not speaking aloud, and yet through the wings Meg understood words."My child, do not despair. Do you think we would have brought you here if there was no hope? We are asking you to do a difficult thing, but we are confident that you can do it. Your father needs help, he needs courage, and for his children he may be able to do what he cannot do for himself.
We want them to see their home planet," Mrs. Whatsit said. The Medium lost the delighted smile she had worn till then. "Oh, why must you make me look at unpleasant things when there are so many delightful ones to see?"Again Mrs. Which's voice reverberated through the cave. "There will no longer be so many pleasant things to look at if responsible people do not do something about the unpleasant ones.
The best thing parents can do for their children is allow them to be who they were born to be.
Discovering what you want out of life is hard, having the courage to full fill it is even harder!
You will find peace not by trying to escape your problems, but by confronting them courageously. You will find peace not in denial, but in victory.
We are going to your father," Mrs. Which said. "But where is he?" Meg went over to Mrs. Which and stamped as though she were as young as Charles Wallace. Mrs. Whatsit answered in a voice that was low but quite firm. "On a planet that has given in. So you must prepare to be very strong.
We all were courageous in the starting moments, few of us stayed courageous till the final moments and the world called them successful men.
You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor. –Aristotle
Dare to take chances. Dare to take the path less traveled.You may never know where the path may lead you.
No one here to count your Qualities, but everyone is good enough to point out your Mistakes.
Believe in yourself even when others doubt your capabilities.
My brothers, we have a special and distinct role as Christian men, fathers, husbands, and leaders in the family, in the Church, and in society at large. If we don’t step up, we run the risk of seeing our families overrun and absorbed by the surrounding culture. This is not acceptable. Start with prayer. Be faithful, be consistent, have courage, show humility, and remember . . . we are made for a heavenly home and not this world.
Courage. I need courage. Because this is surely the stupidest idea in the history of guys liking girls.
Leadership begins inside of you. Leadership is about you, the people you influence and a belief that you can make a difference and have an impact. Leadership starts with a condition of the heart – the desire and passion to make a difference before it moves to the brain to implement a plan to make a difference. It is an inside-out process and is shaped by your values, character, choices, opportunities, experiences and your worldview
Figuring out what you want out of life is hard. Having the courage to full fill it, is even harder.
We need leaders who can meet and adapt to new challenges, build strategic partnerships, build and sustain human capital organizations, and have the courage to act and react to the challenges
Figuring out what you want in life is hard, having the courage to full fill it is even harder!
Figuring out what you want in life is hard, having the courage to fulfill it is even harder!
We were meant to live courageous and bold lives and not lives of mediocrity. However, we have to live our lives actively and on purpose each day to be unstoppable.
feeling shy is simply replacing courage with the feeling and fear of how others will perceive or what they will say about us after and act. Courage dares regardless
Courage is one of the best ingredients of success.
Hope is that great spirit that grant us courage to stay determined.
Asked to explain how he became a war hero he (Kennedy) responded, "It was involuntary. They think my boat.
Maybe sometimes it takes more courage not to fight.-Makino
If you're thinking, 'Great! I just need to be a superhero to fight perfectionism,' I understand. Courage, compassion, and connection seem like big, lofty ideals. But in reality, they are daily practices that, when exercised enough, become these incredible gifts in our lives. And the good news is that our vulnerabilities are what force us to call upon these amazing tools. Because we're human and so beautifully imperfect, we get to practice using our tools on a daily basis. In this way, courage, compassion, and connection become gifts - the gifts of imperfection.
Blue-Eyed One, never again shall you cover your shoulders. I declare your scars to be medals of gallantry great than any I could bestow, and it is my will that all the Black Land look upon them, and learn the nature of courage.
Some of us fought back with guns and assassinations. Others fought back with a little hot dog stand on the corner.
If you don’t want to get stuck where you don’t want to be, have the courage to do difficult things.
Was that all it took to be brave? Knowing that someone believed in you?
You can’t be the warrior in someone else’s tragedy
Cowgirl Courage isn't the lack of fear, but the courage to take action in the face of fear.
Who we are and how we engage with the world are much stronger predictors of how our children will do than what we know about parenting. In terms of teaching our children to dare greatly in the "never enough" culture, the question isn't so much "Are you parenting the right way?" as it is: "Are you the adult that you want your child to grow up to be?
I’m taking the leap, I’m learning to fly.
The Poles rode out from Warsaw against the German Tanks on horses. Rode knowing, in sunlight, with sabers, A magnitude of beauty that allows me no peace. And yet this poem would lessen that day. Question The bravery. Say it's not courage. Call it a passion. Would say courage isn't that. Not at its best. It was impossib1e, and with form. They rode in sunlight, Were mangled. But I say courage is not the abnormal. Not the marvelous act. Not Macbeth with fine speeches. The worthless can manage in public, or for the moment. It is too near the whore's heart: the bounty of impulse, And the failure to sustain even small kindness. Not the marvelous act, but the evident conclusion of being. Not strangeness, but a leap forward of the same quality. Accomplishment. The even loyalty. But fresh. Not the Prodigal Son, nor Faustus. But Penelope. The thing steady and clear. Then the crescendo. The real form. The culmination. And the exceeding. Not the surprise. The amazed understanding. The marriage, Not the month's rapture. Not the exception. The beauty That is of many days. Steady and clear. It is the normal excellence, of long accomplishment.
...courage wasn’t something you were bequeathed at birth, and it wasn’t a lack of fright. It was overcoming your fear, because the ones you love mattered more.
A champion, he said, wins a World Series or an Olympic and is hoisted on the shoulders of teammates and fans. A hero carries the people on his shoulders. Champions live for the moment- heroes, like Jackie Robinson, transcend time.
If you’re living in the present...you only have to deal with what’s actually going on in that moment.
Elle, you have a pure heart. You possess love and compassion for your friends and for people you have never met. You have made a huge difference in the lives of fifteen widows and their children. Those children will now grow up safely and be able to provide opportunities for their own children and grandchildren someday. In the end, you will have made a difference in thousands of lives. That is no small feat.
When you are overwhelmed by your circumstances and it seems things are getting tougher, remember that God is still faithful and His faithfulness endures forever.
When people tell you that you can’t live your way, don’t believe them.
Stay put and you will remain as such. Jump in and you might get wet. Dive and you might find true happiness.
As long you are still living, you can achieve far more than you could ever imagined
Continue to be bold, courageous. Try to chose the wisest thing and once you’ve chosen the wisest thing go out and try to achieve it. Be it.
One has to beckon the spiritual warrior inside oneself whenever it is deemed necessary for the task at hand. Courage is the fuel. Healing is the direction. Forgiveness is the balm. Love is the atmosphere Divine.
To be brave, you have to fight against something that scares you. That's the rule.
A mistake is the name we give to any action in which we perceive a difference between what we intended and what has occurred. Intention fuels every dramatic action, including the writing of dramatic stories, which involves a series of dramatic actions. In the course of writing, or finding, the story that wants to get itself told, it behooves the writer to liberate the characters by finding the faith and courage necessary for setting aside one’s own conscious needs and expectations. Not to do so promotes ‘mistakes’ - i.e: confusion born of some incoherence in the emotional logic of the story). As the writer abandons his/her intentions - no matter how noble they may seem - only then does that most strange and ineffable quality we so casually refer to as ‘the magic’ have a chance of entering the story, and rendering even the ‘mistakes’ stimulating, daring and provocative.
It is better work without being paid to fulfill a divine purpose than to be rich without any fulfillment.
Your calling connects with your passion.
Your dreams will define your destiny.
Where there is passion, there is possibility.
Be enthusiastic.
Every beginner possesses a great potential to be an expert in his or her chosen field.
New adventures enrich one’s life.
You must begin writing your life book.
The world needs great inspirers, to ignite the light in every soul.
May you find the courage to confidently pursue your dreams.
Encouragement fuels great strength and great achievement.
I am giving my all in all to the sacred moments.
I love the sacred moment.
All roads are tough, but you have to choose the one you know you'll never be sorry for taking.
Onward boldly, pursue your passion.
Life is about discovering your passion and creating a fire to burn inside of you. Let your passion drive you!
The death of a dream is the day that you stop believing in the work it takes to get there.
Beginning is scary, exciting, terrifying, and all things amazing. Begin even when you're not sure.....What do you have to lose?
Never be discouraged. The fact that you will be a winner at the first attempt is unclear. You don’t get master’s degree after attending school on the first day. You got to endure till you get there.
Never chase a person, because if they want to be in your life, they will. It amazes me how people go out their way for someone who does nothing for them, doesn't encourage or support their efforts. Stop seeking attention from people who don't give you the time of day. Value your time, comfort your spirit, have peace of mind. There are people who love you and care about you.Give your smiles to them, Reciprocate!
Disappointment focuses on ‘what is not,’ and completely misses the far greater reality of ‘what now is.
The certainty within our spirit made the dream reality.
Believe is confident hope.Hope is faith.Faith is timeless possibility.Possibility is spiritual.Spiritual is divine
Not only should we encourage kids to daydream, but also to jump-in and build those dreams. Dreaming is largely lost among adults drowning in self-imposed realities.
A real man—real in all the ways that we recognize as real—finds himself suddenly abstracted from the world and deposited in a physical situation which could not possibly exist: sounds have aroma, smells have color and depth, sights have texture, touches have pitch and timbre. There he is informed by a disembodied voice that he has been brought to that place as a champion for his world. He must fight to the death in single combat against a champion from another world. If he is defeated, he will die, and his world—the real world—will be destroyed because it lacks the inner strength to survive.The man refuses to believe that what he is told is true. He asserts that he is either dreaming or hallucinating, and declines to be put in the false position of fighting to the death where no "real" danger exists. He is implacable in his determination to disbelieve his apparent situation, and does not defend himself when he is attacked by the champion of the other
Every misfortune is a fortune.
Dismiss any thought that leads to discouragement.
When we try to find the good in ourselves and others, we pull those good traits up out of hiding and keep them alive, verses pulling out our bad qualities.
Every time someone starts a project he is considered nuts, until he beats all the odds and laughs the last.
Truth always prevails, as it packs the mightiest punch of them all!
Every great soul nurtures strong positive mental power.
Every circumstance is a channel of miracles.
Do not compete with anyone. Seek to exceed your own expectations.
In suffering, we build our strength for ultimate success.
The world of possibilities exists in any situation
You don’t need to fight situation. You must only adjust, adapt and advance.
Every new day brings new adoration and new adventure.
When you face the worst situation, what do you do? Do you cry? No!With positive mentality you can graciously overcome the situation.
What you want is within reach.
You can overcome every hurdle with positive attitude.
Renewed mind, revived spirit and restored strength.
You have the grace to overcome any obstacle. Be strong in heart and in spirit!
We can graciously survive life by faith.
When you think positively, you attract divine forces for a positive lifestyle.
You can flourish by faith.
Stand fast in the grace of God.
Be you. You are a holy-self.
You can make all your dreams come true.
In times of trouble, be strong. And wait patiently for God to rescue you.
Be you! You are a heavenly being.
Be happy while you have breathe.
Encouragement is the strength of the spirit.
The Scriptures are words of great encouragement.
Dwell on the beauty of sacred-existence.
Don’t be victim of circumstances but be victorious.
Be happy with those who are joyful.
You don’t have to be bitter in life. Focus on the beauty of life.
The word of God gives us strength, power and hope.
Laziness has made our cities unclean. If we begin to work and act appropriately, we will clean our cities of any dirt.
We patiently endure every trouble.
We see the greatness of God in times of great challenge.
When we begin to love and care for each other, we will share our challenges.
Dwell on good thoughts.
God can take you where you want to go. Trust in God.
If you don’t choose what you want, someone make the choice for you.
Possibility exists in every adversity.
If they say, it can’t be done, Ask, ‘Why not?’ It can be done. It will be done!
Write it in your heart, that you live life to the fullness.
The longest travel-path leads to the sacred-destination.
What you think of your self is more important than what others think of you.
Compare yourself only with the word of God.
Words are prophesy. Prophesy positive words into your life.
Prophesy positive words into your life.
What God says about you is what matters, than what others may think of you.
In the greatest trial, we behold the greatness of our great God.
We must seek the spirituality of the soul, to find our sacred-path.
Every great achiever is inspired by a great mentor.
Never allow anyone to look down upon you.
You will only attract what you think of.
Success requires discipline, dedication and diligence to the very end.
Love builds, encourages and strengthens.
With self-confidence and self-commitment, you will realise your dream.
I will overcome every obstruction.
You will succeed at the sacred time.
With persistent attempt, you will succeed.
When you have grace to speak kind words, declare the sacred-words.
The courage to keep trying is willingness to triumph.
Think, speak and act positively.
You are learner. With diligent practice, you will be an expert.
The willing spirit can do good deeds by grace.
Great endurance, great strength.
Encouragement activates the strength of sacred being.
Your actions today, define tomorrow.
Hope is flourishing flower.
We are shining stars to guide each other.
Self-master is the greatest success.
I don’t mind failing because that means I’m trying. But giving up, now that’s something that I’m just not willing to do. I will continue to try and try again. I will keep my peace, stay focused, and know that my time will come. My positive attitude will not depart me. I will hold it close and keep on striving, knowing that what’s meant for me, will be. Nothing and nobody can stop it! My dedication and hard work won’t fail me, but most importantly, I won’t fail myself. I’m a winner and I’m a fighter! I don’t allow challenges to stop me.
Be yourself and believe in your abilities.
With positive outlook life will always be beautiful.
Let go of all the negative thoughts. Fill your mind with positive thoughts.
I have all the patient to wait for what I want.
Be strong, be confident and be determined.
Encouraging words are life-giving fountain.
Challenges are part of life. Overcoming them makes you a stronger person.
What you fear is what you must conquer.
We all get knock down in life. Encouragement lifted our spirit.
I am not shame of my failures, they were necessary for my ultimate success.
Every successful person had experience failure but they overcome with courage and adamant hope
You gain control over any situation with a positive outlook.
We can make the dream come true
You will conquer every mountain.
You shall overcome every limitation and soar high on Eagle’s wing.
I do not like the situation but must endure to fulfil the dream.
You have to renew your mind with positive thoughts daily.
Dream high and exceed your expectations.
You are beautiful. Have a day much like yourself.
Let your imagination takes you where you want to be.
God is calling you to relinquish your old habits and beliefs that are holding you back from being all He called you to be. To trust that He has something bigger and better in store for you.
In essence, joy is the quiet confidence that everything will work out right. The best part of being filled with joy is that it's contagious. Your joy overflows. You can't keep it to yourself. It spills over to touch other lives in such a marvelous way. People around you want to be in your company. You lift their spirits!
A lot of people will ignore positive words when they are down and accept negative words. Those people never get better.
Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
I’m grateful I had the strength to fight. It takes courage to believe the best is yet to come, especially when you are flat on your back and don’t know if you’re going to see tomorrow. I’m no Pollyanna, but I believe optimism is a choice — a muscle that gets stronger with use. Right foot, left foot…just keep moving.
Replace the word can’t with can. Know that you can, believe that you can, and know with ALL of your heart that you will. You will succeed in spite of any obstacles that may try to hinder you! There’s so much power in having a positive attitude, positive mindset, and positive outlook.
Never let the thoughts of self-unworthiness re-arrange your prepared passion for failure. You can do it even if others say you can't. But you cannot do it if you tell yourself you can't.
It takes guts and bravery and heart to walk a mile in a single girl’s shoes. And sometimes a fabulous pedicure.
Never stop trying. Never stop believing. Never give up. Your day will come.
Say NO to negativity and say YES to positivity. Negativity has no place in your life.
Attitude is that little thing that will make the most difference in the accomplishment of your goals.
Extra miles, extensive preparation and exhaustive efforts usually show astonishing results.
You cannot wish for happiness but you can work towards your life goals and create lasting happiness.
Celebrating your achievements and applauding your triumphs is a sure way to refuel your enthusiasm and keep yourself motivated for your future endeavours.
Happiness is a choice you make when you allow faith through the entry gate and fear through the exit gate.
To be able to live each day with honor, respect and dignity is the greatest achievement of all.
There is nothing in this world that you cannot do. Every goal is achievable. You just need to focus on your objectives, be persistent in your efforts and work hard to make it happen. There can be no hurdle uncrossable, no obstacle invincible and no stumbling block insurmountable.
It is not important for life to meet your great expectations. What is important is that you hold high expectations of yourself and meet them greatly.
Compared with lesbians, gays seem to be more unapologetic about their sexual orientation. The former must not have balls.
Abundant living is realizing that life is a privilege whether it’s adhering to our scripts or not.
Be cheerful and hopeful.
It is better to trade your bitterness with gratefulness.
Happiness is a great contentment.
To be fully alive, you must never stop dreaming.
If you don’t make your choices, others will give you’re their choice.
The word of God gives hope.
Enjoy the sacred existence.
We ought to live the fullness of life.
Stay inspired, happy and joyful.
Even when you can't see, God is working it out. You should not be discouraged or give up hope. Keep the Faith! Your situation is not your destination. God will do what he promised, you just be ready
Although we may encounter dark seasons, when we're filled with joy we'll have confident expectations that the sun will soon return and dark clouds will pass.
It is great joy to love and be loved.
It is a great joy to love and be loved.
A joyful life,reaching out to people from all walks of life.
Do what makes YOU happy. Focus on what brings YOU joy. Appreciate and do more things that make YOU smile. Live your life for yourself. You matter! You count! You’re deserving of true happiness! This is YOUR life. Live it to the fullest! Live life with no regrets.
Alex here. (...) Ron, I really enjoy all the help you have given me and the times we spent together. I hope that you will not be too depressed by our parting. It may be a very long time before we see each other again. But providing that I get through the Alaskan Deal in one piece you will be hearing form me again in the future. I’d like to repeat the advice I gave you before, in that I think you really should make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing or been to hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one piece of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man’s living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. (...) Once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty. (...) Don’t settle down and sit in one place. Move around, be nomadic, make each day a new horizon. (...) You are wrong if you think joy emanates only or principally from human relationships. God has placed it all around us. It is in everything and anything we might experience. We just have to have the courage to turn against our habitual lifestyle and engage in unconventional living.Ron, I really hope that as soon as you can you will get out of Salton City, put a little camper on the back of your pickup, and start seeing some of the great work that God has done here in the American West. you will see things and meet people and there is much to learn from them. And you must do it economy style, no motels, do your own cooking, as a general rule spend as little as possible and you will enjoy it much more immensely. I hope that the next time I see you, you will be a new man with a vast array of new adventures and experiences behind you. Don’t hesitate or allow yourself to make excuses. Just get out and do it. Just get out and do it. You will be very, very glad that you did.Take care Ron,Alex
We don’t like death. We’d rather produce seeds another way. But death to ourselves, our agendas, our expectations, our hopes is necessary to find deep joy that comes when we fully relinquish ourselves to the gospel.
Money is a great asset, talent is an extraordinary asset, and courage is an exceptional asset.
Taking a step in the dark is braver than taking a leap in light.
Hard talk punch thought. Hard talk penetrate the heart. A hard talk opens jaws. Hard talk make us ponder to wonder. It is always hard to hear the hard talk that speaks the truth and reality but, such a hard talk is always a hard talk!
To be real is to be who you are according to the purpose which God wants you to accomplish but not to be who people want you to be according to what they think you should be.
In the arena of life, so many lessons are taught but few are taken and few are applied
My hope is that tomorrow will be fine, but, if tomorrow doesn't go well, I shall still hope to be fine tomorrow!
It takes true courage and real humility to say NO or YES!
Smiling through confusion is courage.Smiling through tears is strength.Smiling through pain is power.Smiling through tragedy is greatness.
Critics are important. They give us the reasons, knowingly or unknowingly, not to fall, slumber or deviate from our true purpose . If only you would see, understand and appreciate the real lessons your critics teach you with a calm heart, you would know and understand that your critics are nothing but great facilitators to help you get to your vision and true purpose diligently and distinctively.
If the idea of loving those whom you have been taught to recognize as your enemies is too overwhelming, consider more deeply the observation that we are all much more alike than we are unalike.
When you get wisdom, failure and discouragement will get behind you.
Overcome darkness, so that you may walk in the light.
You shall not be afraid of the adversary. God will be your strong fortress.
Never seek to please anyone. Seek to evolve thyself.
We wait expectantly for what we hope for.
Any training is initially difficult, but with persistence practice, we can master the art.
You can capable of heroic deeds. Think well of yourself and act positively.
The only limit to the realisation of our goals will be lack of enthusiasm.
Find your passion and live it!
Those who find courage to pursue their dreams, manifest gladness of their souls.
The benefits often outweigh the suffering. Never concentrate on the pain, focus on the reward.
No one can foretell the details in a day, we can only hope.
Time is your valuable treasure, use time for your own accomplishment.
You have to know your goal to reach out for it.
Life is uncertain, we can only hope.
May your find strength to pursue your dreams.
You can carry around with you a basket full of magical apples; but when people do not recognize magic, they will ask you to go and pick earthly apples and then they will laugh at you when you are unable to pick the apples of the earth; but what they don't know is that you were given hands that are made to pick the magical apples from the ancient trees and what an opportunity they have missed in not asking you for the magic ones! But this is the downfall of mankind, in that they cannot recognize magic even when it is right under their noses! Blessed are the few who can, and who ask for it. Ask me for magic, because that is what I am capable of giving.
Our stories hold unique inspiration for one another.
Hope is the believe that the promised will be fulfilled.
Look for a miracle in every encounter.
Don't allow the circumstances to stop you from pursuing your passion.
Hope is the assurance of positive expectations.
You have the power within your reach to create what you desire.
Embrace the love of your life.
All great people had critics, but they still believe in beauty of their dreams.
When God gives you a dream, He provide heavenly resources to fulfill the dream.
Be strong and courageous, along unfamiliar paths, God will guide you.
Each day brings its own miracles. May your hearts and mind be open to daily miracles.
Positive thoughts,Positive attitude,Positive action.
Professional men run the business started by the courageous men.
We are limited by knowledge, not by courage.
Your courage will be tested during the adversity as well as during the change.
People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.
If you don't have the confidence to ask, you will never have the confidence to convince.
You have your God, I have my guts.
Two kinds of people have many friends, one with bank balance and other with boldness.
Be bold, don't be boring.
May what I do flow from me like a river, no forcing and no holding back, the way it is with children.
Let your child be the torch of truth and they shall shine over the entirety of the human society brightening even the darkest corners.
Children are the best recorders of information - they miss nothing
Never put a single thought of weakness in the flourishing minds of the children. Fill them up with vigour and compassion, for their character will define the future of the entire human species.
If we throw blankets over our children's dreams, we darken their world and extinguish their desire to live. I'd rather my kid die with a wild fire in his/her heart than with a malfunctioning or drained out fuse. Always allow your kids to keep humming with dreams and ideas that fuel their passions. Never tell them something is impossible. If you have a really strong determined kid, they'll go out there killing themselves trying to do the unachievable just to prove you wrong. And if you have a weak kid, they'll give up on life and settle for bagging Cokes and potato chips at your local grocery store.
Children who have faith have distinctly different characteristics from those who don't. In fact, one of the main manifestations of a person with strong faith is the ability to give—not just in terms of money or possessions, but also time, love, and encouragement.
The best way to encourage your children is to let them know you are praying for them.
When I encourage someone, I see it as an investment in their resilience.
I was just four when a hired teenage field hand attempted to molest me. Miraculously, I got away, and I told my dad. My father made three important choices that day: He listened to me, he believed me, and he took action. I was one of the fortunate ones--I had a childhood.
Imagine, pretend, and play so you can become anyone you want to be. You don't need to be afraid.
We should teach our kids that they're blessing and not a burden and that they're valuable beyond what they can imagine - in God's eyes, in the world's eyes - that they're purpose is so important to fulfill and it's gonna make a difference in the world. And they're the only ones that can make the difference that they can make, in the way that they can make it. That's why we all have different fingerprints. And I feel like the message is not clear enough. It's not clear because they go to school and they get challenged and they're bombarded with the idea that abortion is okay, that we can just go ahead and, you know, if we're not ready to have a kid we can just take care of that problem. But kids are not a problem, they're not a mistake, they're not a burden. They're blessing from God and that's what we don't understand. My mom was sixteen when she had me and we both almost died, I was a second kid, she had my brother when she was fifteen. And we both almost died and the doctors told her to abort me and I think that a lot of people gave her that advice. So when I grew up I think I had a sense of being a burden. And I think a lot of kids actually have that sense.
True Courage is when you are afraid of something but go through with it anyway
Teach your children that a person is more valuable than any treasure found on this earth, teach them to love, teach them to sing, and dance, teach them to be courageous, and tell them they will be victorious on anything they put their heart and mind to, teach them honesty, and to never give up hope.
From a distance,' he says, 'my car looks just like every other car on the freeway, and Sarah Byrnes looks just like the rest of us. And if she's going to get help, she'll get it from herself or she'll get it from us. Let me tell you why I brought this up. Because the other day when I saw how hard it was for Mobe to go to the hospital to see her, I was embarrassed that I didn't know her better, that I ever laughed at one joke about her. I was embarrassed that I let some kid go to school with me for twelve years and turned my back on pain that must be unbearable. I was embarrassed that I haven't found a way to include her somehow the way Mobe has.'Jesus. I feel tears welling up, and I see them running down Ellerby's cheeks. Lemry better get a handle on this class before it turns into some kind of therapy group.So,' Lemry says quietly, 'your subject will be the juxtaposition of man and God in the universe?'Ellerby shakes his head. 'My subject will be shame.
[Nathan] wasn't blindly obsessed with a possession. He wasn't crazy. He was a hero--a father who'd risked his life to rescue his son.
It is quite idle (...) to insist so much on bodily strength, as a necessary qualification to military employments. And it is full as idle to imagine that Women are not naturally as capable of courage and resolution as the Men. We are indeed charged, without any exception, with being timorous, and incapable of defence; frighted at our own shadows; alarm'd at the cry of an infant, the bark of a dog, the whistling of the wind, or a tale of hob-goblins. But is this universally true? Are there not Men as void of courage as the most heartless of our sex? And yet it is known that the most timorous Women (...) often behave more courageously than the Men under pains, sickness, want, and the terrors of death itself.
You are strong, self-reliant, entirely able to take care of yourself and of me... You are fearless, courageous; you saved my life, nursed me back to health, hunted for my food, provided for my comfort. You don't need me. Yet you make me want to protect you, watch over you, make sure no harm comes to you. I could live with you all my life and never really know you; you have depths it would take many lifetimes to explore. You are wise and ancient... and as fresh and young as a woman as... And you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I love you more than life itself.
Dare to be as physically robust and varied as you always were.
When I dare to be powerful--to use my strength in the service of my vision--then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
You can cower,” she told them in a clear voice, wrapping her long shaking fingers around the cold iron bars. “But I will stand.
The curious are always in some danger. If you are curious you might never come home, like all the men who now live with mermaids at the bottom of the sea.Or the people who found Atlantis.
What a mighty nation, we will be, if we encourage one another?
We are endowed with different kinds of gifts for different kinds of services.
In life, we make the best decisions we can with the information we have on hand.
Confirmation bias is the most effective way to go on living a lie.
No matter what anyone says, no matter the excuse or explanation, whatever a person does in the end is what he intended to do all along.
Authentic inspiration endows individuals with mental or spiritual energy which they are then able to transform into positive action. It can make all the difference between a man, woman, or child allowing despair to permanently paralyze any dreams they may have for their lives, or, exercising sufficient strength of will to make those dreams a reality.
You want to live?Yes!Then quit thinking you're gonna die!
If you want to be strong, be.
I encourage you to remember that you are, indeed, as the stars. You glow with the same intensity. The answers that you seek outside of yourself may very well be found within the cosmic intelligence inside you. Go ahead; show the world what you are made of! Sparkle, shine, light the way, and brightly blaze as you are meant to do.
Your strength doesn't come from winning. It comes from struggles and hardship. Everything that you go through prepares you for the next level.
Vulnerability along with a sense of humility are the purest forms of strength.
Careful! The kraken is wagging its tentacle, again.
The world doesn’t change because the sun sets and rises. We can either adapt to survive our circumstance or we can change it. And I know we can’t control fate, but I’m sure not going to spend whatever time I have left sitting around and waiting for my life to get better.
Mind your strength! Let people know that you are strong and let them see how strong you are, and who or what makes you strong, but in doing so, be careful showing people the true source of your strength for not all people deserve to know that! You may never know what is behind the mind! Sometimes in life, the day you show people how wise you are, the very day you show them how unwise you are! Get understanding and walk in wisdom!
This land needed a sword forged in the hottest of fires to regain what was lost...and you are that sword.
Every chance worth taking will make you a little scared. That means you're taking a risk. And where there is risk, there is reward.
More is less, less is more
The worldly comforts are not for me. I am like a traveler, who takes a rest under a tree in the shade and then goes on his way
The best richness is the richness of the soul
A father gives his child nothing better than a good education
When two persons are together, two of them must not whisper to each other, without letting the third hear; because it would hurt him
The best of you are those who are best to the women
If you do not feel ashamed of anything, then you can do whatever you like
It is difficult for a man laden with riches to climb the steep path, that leads to bliss
Who are the learned? Those who practice what they know
I lost all I had known and gained a life I was yet to know.
Anyone who crawls up from the gutter and makes something of themselves, despite the odds and despite others who tried to keep them down, must always be very proud of their achievements. They must never forget the struggles they went through, because they are a living example to those who wander in darkness, a staunch reminder that light is within reach if they can find the strength and determination to keep going.
In suffering, we build our strength for the ultimate success.
The glory of youth is the grace of strength.
Build your strength in love.
If you want it enough, you find strength to work for its achievement.
Encouragement gives strength to every soul.
Positive energy, positive work.
Once you have endured sufferings, you can give someone strength.
When we have suffered a little while, we are restored in strength.
Rise in mighty strength and live your dream.
Let us rise in mighty strength to build the nation.
We ought to encourage, build and strengthen one another.
If you read great literature every day, you will uplift your spirit, soul and self.
Encouragement is strength of the soul.
Courage to dare,Strength to act.
You can get through the storm with your hope in Jesus.
The Warrior Woman Code:A confident woman doesn't beg a man to stay, cry if they don't or need to tear down other women to be loved. She knows her value. When the person she is meant to be with finds her, that person will know it also. He won't be confused by it. He will fight for her because without her he feels incomplete. She will always be foremost in his mind above anyone else. She doesn't have to scheme to keep or entice him. She is okay walking away from him because she doesn't want to be seen as a choice or a woman that has some potential. She demands to be seen as "the one." To settle for anything less than that is an admission of insecurity and lack of self love.
How we handle adversity determines the chances if we either fall or rise.
May we continue to encourage one another, so that we will increase in strength and in wisdom.
Plants die off when their roots have no water to sustain them. May your tears feed the roots of love in your heart and bring healing to your soul. May God grant you the strength to move on, knowing there's so much ahead of you.
The truth is that each of us fall short of loving unconditionally. We don't love others the way God loves us. Yet Jesus extended perfect love by living and dying for all of our sins. In spite of our failures, weaknesses, and selfishness, He sacrificed His own life so we could have eternal life.
Without struggles, success would be meaningless.
Strength for today, overflowing grace.
When we no longer have the strength to keep on walking, God will carry us. His strength is enough for you and I.
If you're facing a season of trials, don't allow the enemy to have a field day by putting negative thoughts in your mind. Let go of stinking thinking. Instead of turning away from God in anger or confusion, run into His loving arms where He will comfort you.
Man is weak. Purpose makes him strong.
Tumble me down, and I will sitUpon my ruines (smiling yet:)Teare me to tatters; yet I'le bePatient in my necessitie.Laugh at my scraps of cloathes, and shunMe, as a fear'd infection:Yet scarre-crow-like I'le walk as one,Neglecting thy derision.
It's a choice, it’s a bold move - disassembling the Box - and one that requires assertion, but the rewards are remarkable!!
Music gives strength to the soul.
Until then we're going to keep making memories like this, moments when we're the only two people in the whole world. And when we get scared or lonely or confused, we'll pull out these memories and wrap them around us and they'll make us feel safe. And strong.
Roar to your own beat!
If you take a hard look at the people in your life, you may be blown away by how many explorers and survivalists surround you. Everyday, I'm amazed by the number of people I meet, who have climbed Mt. Everest, time and time again...without ever having been to the Himalayas.
Dare to be strong and courageous. That is the road. Venture anything. Be brave enough to dare to be loved.
My Mother - AmmaHer touch was my solace,Her smile did encourage,Her love was my strength,Her stare, I fully decant,Her care was my power,Her joy was my shower,Her anger corrected my path,Her laughter filled my heart,Her silence made me ponder,Her glare was my reminder,Her scorn corrected my track,Her embrace I never did lack.
It's her ability as an artist to see possibility where others see a blank page and, by extension, to see victory where others see certain defeat that truly empowers her...
It is one thing to be brave in front of others, perhaps for fear of being branded a coward and becoming diminished in their eyes, but another entirely to be brave when there is nobody to witness your courage. The latter is an elemental bravery, a strength of spirit and character.
It takes courage to speak up for your beliefs.
Chances are no matter how bad your troubles seem to be, someone somewhere, with less resilience, has successfully conquered a more severe version of your problems.
Will my future faith be dominated by past demons? Will my unlimited possibilities give way to my limited territory?"Read more in A Daughter's Worth Novel
Family’s the luck of the draw, Lena. What you make of yourself, because of or despite it, that’s where the spine and heart come in.
How can the face that welcomed me into the world be the face I'll soon forget? How can the body I came through be the body I don't really know?
Remember to remember: sometimes your adversary is your biggest asset. Where would David be without Goliath? Jesus without Judas?
Courage is meant to be strong, while fear is meant to be broken
Will my future faith be dominated by past demons? Will my unlimited possibilities give way to my limited territory?
Let Ian laugh. Let him believe pain will ruin me. I know better. I've already been ruined once, and I know how to rise from the ashes. I know how to find my broken pieces.
When everything has gone down, God wants youto look up
Life is like a game if you fail try again until you master and accomplish, but remember if you accomplish it glorify God who created you and gives you strength.
William is the most skilled protector that I have ever seen. He is the best." Determination began to swell inside of me. "Then I will have to be better." Margo Westly
Trolls must continually feed their bottomless need, so be strong and patiently wait out their fires of hatred for eventually they eat their own.
Keep me heaven my soul has holes, leaking good morals, I once had control over dark matters of the world, give me courage and strength for my Lord, and sew the holes that hold you near. Keep me heaven my soul has holes.
Since God is with you and you are with God, you have nothing to fear!
If you want your prayers answered, you get off your knees and do the one thing you’re praying someone else will do for you.
I am doing what is right and from my heart against all odds.
If you can get life outta love, you should die trying to get love outta life.
I am not powerless.
I intend to bring you strength, joy, courage, perspicacity, defiance.
The greatest battle you must undertake, the foremost battle you must wage, the most important battle that there is, is the battle of courage versus fear – and there can be only one victor – that victor must be you and courage, or it shall be the dark side and death.
Those who are not free to live as they choose are second class citizens. The weak will lose everything to the strong, even their lives.
My strength was returning as we went on. It occurred to me then that it was in times of struggle that I found the best parts of myself-courage, loyalty, an unexpected peace- and I always discovered what I needed to break through and go on.
That’s exactly what I’ll do, I thought to myself. After dinner, I’m going to ask BigBrother to teach me how to read this map. With Aunt Baba still in Tianjin, there’sobviously nobody looking out for me. I’ll just have to find my own way.
Everyone including YOU suffers when you refuse to BE all & DO all you can
I might not be physically strong.But I do believe that to survive, I need to be strong-willed.Which is more important in life?
The worst disability in life is a bad attitude.
We have the greatest power through love that can be known. It overcomes everything with its fierce and steady truth, if you can continue to stand in it.You can call love to you, directly from the original stream of consciousness, anytime you feel weak or fearful, and you will be given strength and courage.You can call love to you, directly from the original stream of consciousness, anytime you feel sad or alone, and you will feel embraced and comforted.Call love to you if you feel vulnerable. Feel its purity come to you from the universe and flow round you like a miraculous mother cradling its innocent child.Breathe love in. Say to yourself as you breathe deeply “I love. I am loved.” Say it over and over as you breathe it into yourself and out to the universe, until you really feel and believe that you ARE LOVE.Feel love pour into your lungs as you breathe. Feel it circulate round your body to fill every organ, every limb, and every cell. Vibrate with its radiance, and share it.
The woman looked out at the madness of the world and dared to hope. Her eyes were burning coals of stars.
How I wish you could have known me in my strength.
I wish I would have been there for you.” He finally found his voice. “I wish I would have been there to beat up all the children who bullied you, to shoot your father dead the first time he broke one of your bones. I wish I would have been there to sweep you out of town and save you from the horrors you went through.”Her eyes widened in surprise and then immediately narrowed as she shook her head. “I didn’t need to have a hero in my life, Mark. I needed to figure out how to be my own hero. I took the easy way out. I allowed small-town people to label me and then I did my very best to live up to the label they’d provided. It’s taken me thirty-seven years to realize I don’t need a hero. I’m all I need and I’m strong enough to build the rest of my life alone.
Take down the walls.
It is hard to lose the people we love ,but feeling sorry they died is selfish.Dying is going heaven home to God we know your papa is in heaven with our Lady and Jesus.Let us try to be happy for him.
No matter who we are, where we live, what we look like, the circumstances of our birth or the situations we face; each of us has gifts within us. Strength, beauty, courage, compassion, hope, joy, talent, imagination, reverence, wisdom, love and faith are among them. They are not like material presents we unwrap and hold in our hands. We can’t see these gifts with our eyes. But they are real and powerful. When we open ourselves to them, they can enrich every aspect of our lives. They can help us transform challenges into opportunities and tragedies into triumphs. They can help us make a difference in the world.
But the healing place is within you. Healing is a gift you were granted at birth, just as you were granted others. Use your gifts, child. Use the beauty, the courage, the hope and the love that is in you. Call upon your strength. Use compassion and faith. Even during sad times joy is within you. Bring it forth. Wisdom is there to guide you. Use any one of your gifts and you will rouse the power of your healing place. Use all of them and you will sustain it.
One of the most powerful lessons in life is to recognize that no one can give you power, and many people don’t want you to have it. You have to find the courage to seize it, own it and hold on!
It's easy to point out other people flaws, but it takes TRUE courage and strength take a look in the mirror, admit personal flaws AND strive to do and be better. That's growth!
God has ALREADY given you the strength you need, it's up to you to recognize that you were BORN a conqueror!
The more loving we can be, the more powerful we become.
I look around the room at some of the familiar faces and some of those who are still strangers to me. Somewhere deep within, I find the strength. The strength I was born from, that I never knew I possessed. ~Willow Mosby (Exposing ELE
If somebody's getting depressed in life, I would say, "Look at me'. I've got here believing in me. Sometimes, things do not go as you expected and you could feel as if you were ruining everything. But Everything can be only the path to get to the success of your dream. You can not fail until you give up. As long as you keep going, you are on the path for your success.
You're mine, Echo, and I'll treasure you forever.
Hope drowned in shadowsemerges fiercely splendid––boldly angelic.
Life has moments that feel as if the sun has blackened to tar and the entire world turned to ice.  It feels as if Hades and his vile demons have risen from the depths of Tartarus solely for the purpose of banding to personally torture you, and that their genuine intent of mental, emotional, and spiritual anguish is tearing you to shreds.  Your heart weighs as heavily as leaden legs which you would drag yourself forward with if not for the quicksand that pulls you down inch by inch, paralyzing your will and threatening oblivion.  And all the while fire and brimstone pour from the sky, pelting only you.  Truly, that is what it feels like. But that feeling is a trial that won't last forever.  Never give up.
You know," Marion said, "I met a woman once when I was a teenager. I knew she had gone through a lot but she was so strong, so compassionate. I asked her how she could be the way she was, and you know what she told me?"Hadley shook her head. "She said, 'You can be broken, or broken open. That choice is yours.
We are designed with a dreaming brain and a hopeful spirit; it is our nature to envision the life of our dreams. And while dreaming comes easy to us, we must never forget that it takes strength, dedication, and courageous action to bring that dream to life
and when hecatches meoff guardand says'i love you'i catch himoff guardand say 'i need your help.
Hast thou given the horse strength? Hast thou clothed his neck with thunder?...He swalloweth the ground with fierceness and rage...
Every time we choose our past over our present, we kill our future.
Positive life, positive actions.
Life is worth living with fearless heart.
Living life is the greatest adventure.
Live each day with great love, hope and faith.
Live a fearless life.
I build my life with light, love and loyalty.
Awake all living souls and shine thy light.
Live a sacred life of love.
May God grant you a great grace to live the fullness of life in the coming year.
Little things done with love are better than big things without love.
Exercise promotes positive self-image and good well-being.
Revived spirit, restored strength.
The miracle of everyday living is the blessed breath of life.
Live in the light.
You are a light born to shine. You are not who the world thinks you are. You are not what you think you are. You are as God created you. Never see yourself less than that. You are powerful than you know!
My prayer for you:Know the Lord in greater depth.Abide in the presence of God.Live under the shelter of most High,God.Remain under the shadow of God’s grace in Jesus Name.Amen.
When you see someone on top, look away and don't try to bring him down, because he may someday help you reach the top.
Each of us have a winner within. Tap into your potential and gain unlimited success! The only one who can stop you is yourself. Think Positive! Be Optimistic! Don't be fooled into thinking it can't be done. Look around amazing things are accomplished everyday. New inventions, discoveries are happening all the time. If you can get one foot in the door, you can make it happen.
I want to do what little I can to make my country truly free, to broaden the intellectual horizon of our people, to destroy the prejudices born of ignorance and fear, to do away with the blind worship of the ignoble past, with the idea that all the great and good are dead, that the living are totally depraved, that all pleasures are sins, that sighs and groans are alone pleasing to God, that thought is dangerous, that intellectual courage is a crime, that cowardice is a virtue, that a certain belief is necessary to secure salvation, that to carry a cross in this world will give us a palm in the next, and that we must allow some priest to be the pilot of our souls.
But between now and then, there was Life; and Bod walked into it with his eyes and his heart wide open.
It’s not the circumstances that we should feel threatened by, it’s the fear of the circumstances that poses the real threat.
It is worth living long enough to outlast whatever sense of grievance you may acquire.
Legacy is not what's left tomorrow when you're gone. It's what you give, create, impact and contribute today while you're here that then happens to live on.
Don't let public opinions pinion you
We are our own biggest enemy. We criticize ourselves in a harsh way about everything, our looks, our weight, our careers, our failures and success, the way people treat us; the list goes on. Instead of critiquing ourselves and putting ourselves down, how about tapping ourselves on the shoulder and saying “I did goooood”. GIVE YOURSELF A BREAK.
Stay focus on your ultimate sacred goal.
Let your life challenge your sacred existence.
The first story to read is the Biblical stories.
Most are constantly asking for more, but with that comes more responsibility and most aren't willing to or able to handle that. Greatness comes at a cost and requires an investment. If you don't want the work.... you don't want the prize.
When you consciously decide to be in a good mood every morning, you create an atmosphere of joy and peace. Practice mood control daily... it will then become a habit. Don't put the control of your emotions in the hands of others.
Some females are so "pretty", that all they have are their looks. Don't allow your attitude and ego to deduct from your pretty ladies. No matter how cute you think you are... your attitude can make you ugly real quick.
Reading illuminates our path with the brightest light.
We ought to read daily.
Take control of your future by taking a choice of starting it right now.
Making it happen, It's just something you gotta do.
You can only see progress when you start doing something, so don't expect anything without your efforts.
With success, if you don't plan and just take each day as it comes, there will come failure.
Sometimes the 'day' you're dreaming for never comes. Take control of your future and start now.
If thousand people say you can't, and you alone believe you can, you will make it happen! But if million people say you can, and you alone believe you can't, you can't make it happen. It all depends on you!
To have a different life you have be a different person. You have to do what you haven't done. You have to become the person that fits that dream. But most of all, you have to realize that if you don't step into your story it becomes the moral of the story. Your inaction is a lesson you leave to your kids-- I was too afraid to change.
Be yourself, be brave.
Failure is not the opposite of success, inaction is.
If you're about to take a risk--one that comes from within, one that expresses your true nature, that brings up fear after fear after fear--you know what to do. One: do the work, create the value. Two: draw the people that encourage you closer. They're the only ones that matter.
Always Believe In Yourself.... If You're Down And Broken For A Reason, Rise Up And Focus.... Remember Strong Lightning Only Happens When Two Heavy Clouds Collide & Crack Each Other.... You Are That Lightning Which Is The Product of The Clash Between Your Purpose & Failure....
When you encounter obstacles, don’t turn your back on them. Face them, confront them and your will see them dissolving in front of your eyes.
Don't be discouraged when people leave your life because you can still fulfill your God given purpose without them. Remember that your destiny is not tied to any human being, but in line with God's purpose.
The irony of life is a twisted game; but my god you learn fast, the ins and outs of how to play your part the best you can.
Dream is a destiny.
Divine force lies within you. You must awake the power.
You must want a thing enough to chase for it.
Without adversity and trials we may never know what we are capable of.
Grace abounds for everyday life.
Be determined to create the life you want.
We are capable of great works through the mighty power of the Holy Spirit.
Keep encouraging yourself that you are good enough as a workman of God created for every good work one earth prepared for you before the world begun.
Don't let someone keep putting out the flame God keeps re-lighting, we all have a purpose. As a wing to a bird. As wind that goes the destiny over the sea.
With every sunrise, we get to choose ... who we are, what we believe, and how we will live the life the gods have given us. We can’t always choose our circumstances. No. The Fates do that. But we can always choose who we will be and how we will be within them.
Man needs to choose, not just accept his destiny.
When life gives you lemons, you don't make lemonade. You use the seeds to plant a whole orchard - an entire franchise! Or you could just stay on the Destiny Bus and drink lemonade someone else has made, from a can.
My greatest treasure is my thoughts.
You will manifest your sacred character when you connect to the Creator.
Relaxation is the beginning of creativity.
When there is silence, Give your voice. When there is darkness, Shine your light. When there is desperation, Offer hope.
Slow down. Calm down. Don't worry. Don't hurry. Trust the process.
Wonderful things are possible when you dream big and use your imagination.
Don't be afraid of silly ideas.
Successful continual learning means maintaining a balance and variety of success-oriented attributes, the most prominent being awareness, confidence, persistence, determination, courage, and focus. But curiosity, ingenuity, and creativity may be even more important as it is these traits that fuel the desire to continue to question and challenge the status quo.
If you're alive, you're creative.
Risk is the unique path to success.
If you run a hundred miles in your heart, you are ready to run a hundred miles on your feet.
The palaces faith builds are greater than the prisons fear creates.
The shores safety keeps many from the oceans treasures.
Be encouraged! You can fulfil your dream.
The quest for learning is the quest for self-discovery.
In the game of life;Sometimes we win,Sometimes we loss,Either ways, we should always keep playing.
If you are going to be successful in creating the life of your dreams, you have to believe that you are capable of making it happen. Whether you call it self-esteem, self-confidence or self-assurance, it is a deep-seated belief that you have what it takes; the abilities, inner resources, talents and skills to create your desired results.
Work for what you want, the pursuit of life.
Be strong and take action to achieve your dream.
Encouragement is a blazing hope.
Sometimes in your life, you will get to the point where you are not even trying or worthy even taking a step a head of you, but you will have to go to the next step without thinking more.
We’re halfway through another great time of the year. You should start to make little improvements to your lifestyle and thinking, your late. Start making a change now.
You can accomplish great things by attempting great things.
Do all the works you can while you still have the strength to work.
In the race of life, sometimes we win, sometimes we lose. We must never be afraid of losing. There is a chance for winning when we press-on to reach the end of the race.
Preparation time is necessary for your growth. Trust and believe everything you're going through is preparing you for some request you put out into the Universe.
God reveals future events through dreams, vision and the sacred voice.
You will not be able to envision your future until you block out the words of those who constantly scorch you with discouraging remarks
A big sacrifice is coming, and you won't have the courage to make it. That will cost you dearly. It will cost the world dearly.
Doubt is a form of pessimism that acts as an agent, which is sent to hinder prosperity on its materilization journey.
Pride is nothing more than false courage without long term solutions.
I am counting on nothing but the facts about me. So come on, Future. I've my back against the past. Anyway, as you see, it is too late to argue. I've crossed the Rubicon, and can return only when I have built a new bridge.
There is little faith involved in setting out on a journey where the destination is certain and every step in between has been mapped in detail. Bravery, trust, is about leaving camp in the dark, when we do not know the route ahead and cannot be certain we will ever return.
Soar to heights where you may view the world from a new perspective.
In the light of love, I find the glory of God’s grace.
The greatest patient is to wait for God to act.
The strength within us comes from God.
Hope is a great assurance.
You can receive all the compliments in the world, but that won't do a thing unless you believe it yourself.
My breathe would catch at the sight of violets-so common in the woods at home, so surprising in the mountains. The violet's message was "Keep up your courage, stay true to what you believe in." p264
Beyond all of that, I could see the wall I had seen from inside the train, the wall that runs along the train line. I assumed that there, behind it, was the west, and I was right. I could have been wrong, but I was right.' If she had any future it was over there, and she needed to get to it.I sit in the chair exploring the meaning of dumbstruck, rolling the word around in my mind. I laugh with Miriam as she laughs at herself, and at the boldness of being sixteen. At sixteen you are invulnerable. I laugh with her about rummaging around for a ladder in other people's sheds, and I laugh harder when she finds one. We laugh at the improbability of it, of someone barely more than a child poking around in Beatrix Potter's garden by the Wall, watching out for Mr McGregor and his blunderbuss, and looking for a step-ladder to scale one of the most fortified barriers on earth. We both like the girl she was, and I like the woman she has become.She says suddenly, 'I still have the scars on my hands from climbing the barbed wire, but you can't see them so well now.' She holds out her hands. The soft parts of her palms are crazed with definite white scares, each about a centimeter long.The first fence was wire mesh with a roll of barbed wire along the top.
What do you know of gods and saints?” I ask, filling my voice with scorn.His fingers drift to the silver oak leaf of Saint Camulos on his cloak. “I know that what our saints want is not always made clear to us. Sometimes, it is their wish for us to flail and struggle and come to our own choices, not accept ones that have been made for us.
She smiled thoughtfully. “I think Jackson was like a lost puppy. He needed purpose, someone to believe in him and love him despite his bullshit. But he didn’t have that, so he just went around humping everyone’s leg and peeing everywhere. Then you came along and he thought he found that owner that would give him that purpose—something that would make him feel needed—but you chose the fancy pet store puppy instead, so he went back to peeing on everything and destroying all the furniture.”“Um, Whit...is there a point to this?”“We all need someone to believe in us. It helps us see our full potential. You were that someone to believe in him. I think he’ll be a new man because of it.” “So you’re saying I rescued a lost puppy, and now he’ll become a topnotch show dog because I’m just so amazing?”“Exactly.”“You have such an eloquent way with words.”“No shit, right?”“Precisely.”-Emma and Whitney
Mice: But reading all the good writers might discourage you.Y.C.: Then you ought to be discouraged.
Any man living in complete luxury and security who chooses to write a play or a novel which causes a flutter and exchange of compliments in Chelsea and Chiswick and a faint thrill in Streatham and Surbiton, is described as "daring," though nobody on earth knows what danger it is that he dares. I speak, of course, of terrestrial dangers; or the only sort of dangers he believes in. To be extravagantly flattered by everybody he considers enlightened, and rather feebly rebuked by everybody he considers dated and dead, does not seem so appalling a peril that a man should be stared at as a heroic warrior and militant martyr because he has had the strength to endure it.
Knowing that God is backing up our words and actions makes us strong, firm and courageous in any trial or persecution
When you have the grace speak, declare sacred-utterances.
Never let the words of discouragement from others sway you away from reaching far with your dreams.
The more I did it―the more it owned me. It made things matter. It put a spine into my spineless life and that spine spread, into backbone, ribs, collarbone, neck held high.It was something. Don't say it wasn't.
Today I acknowledge that I am not in position to judge what mistakes anyone is making or what lessons anyone needs to learn. I don’t know how far someone has come or when that person will have a breakthrough, I simply don’t know what other people should be doing. But when I think I do know, I clearly am not doing what I should be doing, which is taking responsibility for my own life.
Words can't save you, but they can give you courage.
Discouragement is the illegitimate child of false expectations! Loyd Ogilive
However, I must admit that keeping myself to myself has not always been comforting. At times, I seemed to suffer spells of depression and loneliness, longing to become healthy again; of going out and facing a world of injustices, of misery, of widespread indifference.
The tedium of existence and feeling imprisoned in a deplorable job can cause a person to consider the most expedient escape route from suffering including flirting with suicide. Fernando Pessoa wrote in “The Book of Disquiet” of his own feelings of uneasiness and sense of discouragement. “I suffer from life and from other people. I cannot look at reality face to face. Even the sun discourages and depresses me. Only at night and all alone, withdrawn, forgotten, and lost, with no connection to anything useful or real – only then do I find myself comforted.
If, however, I am allowed to think that you and yours feel an interest in my fate and actions, it may be the means—it may put me on my guard—at least, it may be something to live for.
Part of me was afraid that if I raised my fist to the sky and demanded an answer now, I would hear a thundering and calloused, 'Because I said so," from God in heaven. And I may not ever want to speak to Him again.
Discouragement, fear, and depression—three villains who lurk in the dark.They slip inside souls with a blindfold and goals to shatter your dreams and extinguish your spark.Their tactics are highly effective.They crush a great many each day.And under their spell it is easy to dwellOn fiascoes and failures that end in dismay.The heart and the mind are left heavy.The last speck of will is erased.And nothing stays on when these villains are gonebut a mouthful of bile with the bitterest taste.Alas! You must conquer the scoundrels!Elude, dodge, and keep them at bay!To feel fear slink in, boring under your skin,is a sign that his brothers are well on their way.So reach for your weapons against them!Take hope and hard work in each hand!Strap faith on your hips and a prayer on your lipsand show those debasers how firmly you stand!Discouragement, fear and depression—the truth should be known of these cads.They’re empty and weak; it is your strength they seek.Deny them and life is your wish in the bag.
Even the demons are encouraged when their chief is "not lost in loss itself.
Moisture falls from the sky, cleansing the world and sustaining precious life. But it's the gloom—the cold, dark air—that receives notice. We fail to see the miracle of raindrops through our own tears.
Never take the first brick out of the wall unless you know it is meant to fall
Lord, open my ears to receive good counsel, allow my head to accept it and enable my person to carry it out.
With a hope and a prayer, you can get there.
When I can’t find my way, I pray to God to show me the way. And then, He creates the right pathways.
God can cure any illness.
We've assembled a group of people, your team, people who love you and pray for you. Take a look around the circle. These people represent thousands of words spent in prayer before the throne of God, begging for your safe return to the fold, begging for your peace, your faith, your heart.
To listen to others quiets and disciplines the mind to listen to God.
Praying always means praying through things and not giving up. It means being ever-watchful and persevering in prayer in order to see breakthrough.God wants us to be persistent in our praying. Don’t forget to spend some quiet time praying to your Heavenly Father today.
It’s important that you keep asking God to show you what He wants you to do. If you don’t ask, you won’t know.
If you want to determine if your thoughts are from the enemy or from God, ask yourself, 'Are these thoughts I’d choose to have?
In the darkest times of your life, your praise to God should be the loudest. Let the enemy know you’re not afraid of the dark.
God wants to bless us in many ways that require faith. We must trust that He is answering our prayers even when we can’t see it.
Allow yourself to be possessed by God by receiving Jesus, and you will never be possessed by anything else.
The phrase “timing is everything” is never more true than in your walk with God—HIS timing is everything.
Talking to God should be part of every aspect of life, in times of peace as well as in every battle.
We don’t want to limit what God can do in our children by trying to parent them alone—Trust God to take care of them.
Praying is not telling God what to do. It’s trusting that God knows what to do.
When we forgive someone, it doesn’t justify what they’ve done. It releases them into God’s hands so He can deal with them.
The quality of your relationships will determine the quality of your life. And this is something worth praying about.
People’s love for us may change, depending on what we do or don’t do to please them. But God’s does not—it’s everlasting.
The battle for our lives, and the lives of our children, our husbands, our friends, our families, & our nation, is waged on our knees.
The battle for our lives, and the lives of our children, our husbands, our friends, our families, and our nation, is waged on our knees.
I'll pray that you grow up a brave man in a brave country. I will pray you find a way to be useful.I'll pray, and then I'll sleep.
Let his sword break and his shield shatter, Sansa thought coldly as she shoved out through the doors, let his courage fail him and every man desert him.
It is better to remain silence than to speak rudely when being provoked.
Make time daily to nurture your physical, mental and emotional health.
Life is hope.Hope is faith.Faith is believe.Believe is possibilities.Possibility is miraculous.Miraculous is divine.Divine is supernatural.Supernatural is spiritual.
Everyone at some point in life have faced rejection and failure, it is part of the process to self realisation.
The gift of life, gives you the greatest opportunity to live and chance to rise above any situation. With hopeful attitude you can overcome any struggle.
You see, God didn't create us to merely survive. He created us to thrive! We were made for abundant life.
God’s plan for your life is far beyond the imagination of men.
May you find grace and courage to live life to the fullness.
God is the source of life. Life without God is hopeless. But life with God is an endless hope
Dare to be different. Dare to accept yourself for who YOU are. Dare to live your life without limits. Dare to follow YOUR dreams. Dare to explore, experience, and make mistakes. Dare to live your life without being afraid. Live, learn, and grow. It’s your life! Make every decision that you make count for something. Always know your value as a person and don’t allow anybody to make you feel anything different. You may have to stand alone at times, but don’t be dismayed. There’s something special about you! Allow yourself to shine and dare to do the unknown.
In life we must be willing to take risks, for that is the only way progress is attained.
Never shy away from opportunity and wholehearted living. Never be fearful of putting yourself out there. The courageous may encounter many disappointments, experience profound disillusionment, gather many wounds; but cherish your scars for they are the proud emblems of a truly phenomenal life. The fearful, cautious, cynical and self-repressed do not live at all. And that is simply no way to be in this world.
Tomorrow has not invited you yet, so LIVE for today! Tomorrow is near, yet so far away. Choose this day to smile, laugh, love unconditionally, and be happy within.
You can't live without failing at something, unless you love so cautiously you might as well have nit lived at all, in which case, you fail be default.
Accepting that life is insane, that bad things happen to good people and that you can find the courage to be grateful for the good in every situation and still move forward is hard (even terrifying), but heroic.
If we are to be aware of life while we are living it, we must have the courage to relinquish our hard-earned control of ourselves.
When we set about accounting for a Napoleon or a Shakespeare or a Raphael or a Wagner or an Edison or other extraordinary person, we understand that the measure of his talent will not explain the whole result, nor even the largest part of it; no, it is the atmosphere in which the talent was cradled that explains; it is the training it received while it grew, the nurture it got from reading, study, example, the encouragement it gathered from self-recognition and recognition from the outside at each stage of its development: when we know all these details, then we know why the man was ready when his opportunity came.
90% of learning comes through encouragement.
We learn from trials and errors.
We should keep learning so long as we have grace and breathe.
As for those who spite you, and seemingly just because, it's only evident that they're learning from you. Maybe you taste bad - kind of like medicine, kind of like truth - and to them, you're thought unsafe. There is flattery in being chewed out and spit up. Humans have always had a hard time digesting foreign things.
One's past can't be erased, it can only be learned from, the child taught her.
The thing about traveling alone, is that you run into your insecurities and fears times ten the normal! You run into all the good things and all the bad things about yourself on a daily basis, and are allowed the opportunity to truly become your own friend. Traveling alone is a learning process; some people travel for leisure, I travel to run into myself!
Perseverance is everything. We all stumbled when we took our first steps yet we were running sooner than we realized, and then we couldn’t stay still. Why stay still now?
To turn the tide of materialism in the Christian community, we desperately need bold models of kingdom-centered living. Despite our need to do it in a way that doesn't glorify people, we must hear each other's stories about giving or else our people will not learn to give.
May you comfort and healing.
A healer's power stems not from any special ability, but from maintaining the courage and awareness to embody and express the universal healing power that every human being naturally possesses.
Know yourself fearlessly (even quietly) for all the things you are.
People are like lights. Some are colored lights and draw attention to themselves. Others are clear lights. They shine on people in around them.
I live life in spirit of love and light.
I live in the realm of love and light.
The more you live in the light, the more you will flourish.
You are a great light, brighten the world.
Everyone breathing is broken. Keep breathing light into them until the stained glass collage takes your breath away.
No matter how little your light is, let it shine
I used to be afraid of the dark until I learned that I am light and the dark is afraid of me.
If we are going to find our way out of shame and back to each other, vulnerability is the path and courage is the light. To set down those lists of *what we're supposed to be* is brave. To love ourselves and support each other in the process of becoming real is perhaps the greatest single act of daring greatly.
It takes great courage and determination, to keep looking for light in all the darkness of life.
You are a creature meant to be free. Almost always, the person hardest to tell the truth to...is you. Once you can be honest with yourself, you'll find the strength and desire to be honest with others. It's the most freeing feeling imaginable. Go find a mirror and face yourself and your darkest truths. You have the light within you to chase away the dark demons that hold you down and push you back into the black corners of your past. You deserve better. You are a child of light and light hidden behind dark clouds, does nothing to brighten the world.
Fighting to protect the people you cared for was one thing. Trusting someone you loved to fight for themselves took a different kind of strength and bravery.
For those of you out there today who have already been through hard times and are desperate for a word of encouragement, let me assure you that you can trust this Lord of heaven and earth. Remember that Scripture warns us to “lean not on your own understanding” (Proverbs 3:5).
Trust in the Lord brings much hope, joy and peace.
I don't know what love is,But i know what true love is,It is when two people encourages each other to grow ,Who will let you go out the world and trust that you will come back. This is what true love is about.
To be affirming and encouraging of others requires vulnerability on your part.
Manifestation is an act of trust. It is the soul pouring itself out into its world, like a fisherman casting a net to gather in the fish he seeks; with each cast properly made, we will bring what we need to us, but first we must hurl ourselves into the depths without knowing just what lies beneath us.
Dare to be brave today, and trust that when you extend your wings, you will fly.
This Christmas mend a quarrel. Seek out a forgotten friend. Dismiss suspicion and replace it with trust. Write a letter. Give a soft answer. Encourage youth. Manifest your loyalty in word and deed. Keep a promise. Forgo a grudge. Forgive an enemy. Apologize. Try to understand. Examine your demands on others. Think first of someone else. Be kind. Be gentle. Laugh a little more. Express your gratitude. Welcome a stranger. Gladden the heart of a child. Take pleasure in the beauty and wonder of the earth. Speak your love, and then speak it again.
Though you are as a drop in the ocean, without you, the universe would be empty.
God will only push you off a cliff if He's going to give you wings to fly.
The wind has many lovers and I am one of them, I move freely in her armsI know no chains, nor bound to anyone’s truth, you can call me a harlot of the wind, I take no offense, because I know at the end of my days, my face will show that I have been kissed by the breath of GOD.~Micheline Jean louis
Elohim is my salvation, my strength and my song.
Never be afraid to travel on a new path.
The greatest privileges:You are saved.You are a child of Most High God.You are co-heirs with Christ.You share in Christ suffering, life adversities.You share in Christ glory, strength of will and survival of life's difficulties.
The power of God, strength of will.
A blessed hope, a blessed life.
My duty is to pray. I know God hears my prayers.
God strengthen and brighten your paths.
Lord gives even more grace, so you can endure the test of time.
Stay strong in spirit, be patient and you will overcome any situation.
Blessed are you, all who put your hope and trust in the Lord.
I am on a mission, I will depend on a greater power to accomplish the task.
Live life in the power of the Holy Spirit.
Abundant grace, amazing life.
May your life overflow with hope through the power of the Holy Spirit.
May you find grace and power of the Holy Spirit to give you hope for a new life.
Hope is believe in the word of God.
The living has a great hope, we have life to bounce back from any difficulty. The dead had no hope.
Hope is a pillar of faith. It is pillar which holds our desired dreams.
Fear cannot capture us, criticism cannot harm us, and pride cannot make us fall.
Be compassionate with all people. Give them the chance to change.
You fall flat on your face, and it's not the first time you've done it, Never let your past press you down.
It is easy to say the word forgiveness but the challenge is to live the word forgiveness.
The well from which we draw our love to give to other people, should never be only as deep as the well wherein resides the love we have already received in our lives. The cycle must be broken. The former well must be abandoned and we must create a love in our hearts for others, from the bricks and the mortar of our own visions. Our raw materials must come not only from what we received; but our raw materials must come from what we envision to create. From your desires and your visions— your bricks and mortar should materialize. And if your former well is completely empty and dry— so what— you don't owe it to your past, to the people who hurt you, to make that emptiness and that void, your place for drawing water from!
Simply having the courage to say senseless things made me euphoric. I was free, with no need to seek or to give explanations for what I was doing. This freedom lifted me to the heavens - where greater love, one that forgives everything and never allows you to feel abandoned, once again enveloped me.
Tears don't bring people back." Pain stabs from my chest to my fingertips."Tears aren't for the people we've lost. They are for us. So that we can remember and celebrate and miss them and feel human.
If you lose something, do not worry.
That is fundamentally the only courage which is demanded of us: to be brave in the face of the strangest, most singular and most inexplicable things that can befall us
She was brave from excess of grief
I've attempted to flood the path with light where I could, and where I could not I've wanted at least to hold up a candle so that others coming this way might not stumble too painfully.
My life has become a dismal sigh fettered by pangs of grief and anguished weeping.
Those who mistrust their own abilities are being too wicked to themselves, discouraging themselves from doing what they should have been excelling in. If you are good at discouraging yourself, you can't be a good leader because leadership is built on inspiring others to face challenges.
Lack of courage leads to cruelty.
This is my toughest time but the greatest.
It is better to wonder than worry.
I graciously survived depression, mental-illness and attempt of suicide.
Giving is stream of abundance.
Experiment the power of love.
Every small good deed counts.
We can flourish and be fruitful by God’s grace.
You must know the rules of the game, to play better.
Live your dreams. Dare to be you.
You must make time daily to care for your mental, physical, spiritual and emotional health.
You are not what your critics say you are. You are wonderful sacred-soul.
What you dream of, you will possess.
Dream of dreamers!
Hope is a strong encouragement.
May you dream great dreams.
May you see great visions.
Sometimes adversity becomes the fuel in which we run on.
Never abandon widows, widowers and orphans.
Keep going. No matter what you do, no matter how many times you screw up and think to yourself "there's no point to carry on", no matter how many people tell you that you can't do it - keep going. Don't quit. Don't quit because a month from now you will be that much closer to your goal than you are now. Yesterday you said tomorrow. Make today count.
Our job on earth isn't to criticize, reject, or judge. Our purpose is to offer a helping hand, compassion, and mercy. We are to do unto others as we hope they would do unto us.
Today, I challenge you to pay it forward. You don't need to save a village—only one lost soul. Be the reflection of Christ and shine His light. The cost is little, but the reward is rich.
If you are enduring a cold season, don't underestimate Christ can plant you right where you are at no matter how dirty, beat up, or worthless you may feel. Rest assured, He has strategically placed you in the precise place on earth for such a time as this.
Replace the word can’t with can. Know that you can, believe that you can, and know will ALL of your heart that you will. You will succeed in spite of any obstacles that may try to hinder you! There’s so much power in having a positive attitude, positive mindset, and positive outlook.
Most people have an abundance of dreams, but lack the courage to follow them. Help them find that courage by inspiring them with yours.
The truth is now as it was yesterday, and as it always will be, that the world is-as we are
Dedication, Determination, and hard work will feed life into your dreams.
If you're stuck in a puddle, it means there's higher ground all around you, you just have to step onto it.
For each door of sadness that opens, there are a thousand means of shutting it...
Man may fail you. But God will never forsake you.
If you meet the darkest moment of life, strive valiantly through it with courage and never retreat, for you shall surely meet light afterwards. If you meet the muddy stream of life, swim across it with tenacity to the very end for there is a clearer stream that shall wash your dirt away afterwards. If all people reject you in the mid of the arduous race of life, dare to smile and move on for there are people who await you to embrace you in the end
Encouragement gives us wings to fly on.
Every morning is a fresh breath and blessings.
Encouragement is the strength of the soul.
Be brave to share your story! Each of our stories, have a golden treasure for a specific need.
We all have freedom of choice. Over and over again, minute by minute. How will you live your life? For yourself Or for others? For something good? For love?
Life is education.
Life is must be filled with endless hope.
The bravest souls I know are those who are willing to risk having the entire world turns its back on them, and all they’ve ever wanted to do – and they would lay down their lives to do it,because there is no other way to defeat truth– is simply, to tell the worldwith their whole heart their story.
It's okay to fail. It does not make you forever a failure. In fact, there are no failures really. Only human beings doing the best they can.
We can do more than we imagine by the power of the Holy Spirit.
If you do not write the thoughts of the moments, it is lost forever.
Your dreams and your imagination are the keys to ART so capture all of yours in this notebook.....
Don't harness a child's imagination, encourage it so it knows no bounds!
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.
You've got to be around people who encourage you, advice you and want to see you go even higher and higher than they themselves have attained!
There are no self made heroes or leaders. No matter how rugged or self assured, everyone requires a cast of players - friends, mentors, lovers, critics, villains and supporters - who call, invite, seduce, goad and encourage them to finally step into their true power. We are all heroes and leaders in some way, and we all need each other.
As I look back over my mountains of growth and compare them to the molehills where I stagnated, community often made the difference.
it takes a village to build success in publishing a book - it takes friends that are willing to help - it takes hours upon hours of no's to get to a yes, it takes many twists and turns with seemingly no end to the detours, it takes courage to face the unknowns - it takes and it takes and it takes - But then, like a flower opening its blossom - it gives.........
It's never too late to stop believing a lie," said Thomas. "You need only courage and friends, and you have both.
Can you start a movement in your land that will encourage men and women to begin to think, to begin to make sound judgment and informed decisions? Will you bring illumination to your people? Will you facilitate understanding amidst those whom you live with? The earth is crying for people who make sound judgment and informed decisions
The depth of a man is a limit only he can know, should he have the courage to explore into the dark.
​Courage is a virtue appreciated in a male but considered a defect in our gender. Bold women are a threat to a world that is badly out of balance, in favor of men.
When success is your only option, positivity has to be your only choice.
In a sense, discouragement does not have to exist. Allow it to be rather the encouragement to honestly reconsider all the options, then, as necessary, shine on.
I’ve watched my dad move our family from extreme poverty to extreme wealth and then everywhere in between. Never once did I see or hear him be anything but a cheerleader for the accomplishments of others. It didn’t matter if he was down or up in life, he wanted everybody around him to succeed. I’ve even watched him praise the very people that have tried to destroy him over the years and then very publicly wish them success and happiness. He taught me the enthusiasm that should always come at the success of others. He constantly taught me that when others succeed, it gives us all more opportunity to succeed. He taught me that when there is conflict, minor or major, you can almost always walk away at the end with a handshake.
Negative people can only infest you with discouragements when they find you around... Just get lost and get saved!
until you prove what is in you, what is in you shall always be what is in you
The closer you are to the end of your temporal trials, the louder the voice of critics. Close your ears to the heavy downpours of their discouragements. God whispers; “I am with you”!
Throw your hands and pull up those in the valley to the hill. However, press your feet on the ground so hard that you don’t fall into the same valley together. Some people’s helping hands became their grave digging tools!
Encourage yourself and do it bit by bit. It may appear tough, but every single bite of it every day is an endorsement that all will be chopped off sooner. Nothing is too difficult!
Someone needs your actions to inspire his actions. Never forget, your little broken cake is someone’s daily meal! Care to share you little cake!
If you are determined to achieve your dreams, you must be ready to accept and affirm positive things about yourself. Affirm positively! Say positive things and encourage yourself that you can make it.
Share your ideas with people of like-mind and get motivated by their encouragements and experiences.
Dream murderers are people who refuse to learn and optimize their own dreams. They discourage others from going ahead to make it happen. Why? Because they don't want go higher and they want everyone to be like them!
When the weaver bird flies, nobody talks; when the busy bee flies, no one will make comments... But when a human being begins to fly, you begin to hear talks in the town such as "abomination!... where did he get the wings from?". Never mind! Your dreams are your wings, so decide to fly!
Your smile can heal thousands; but your anger can kill millions. Your "hand-shake" can encourage tens of people while your "finger-pointing" can turn ten thousands away from you!
Don't be discouraged by people who tease you out of your dreams. What you have in your heart is bigger than what they have on their lips!
Lift up the weak; inspire the ignorant... Rescue the failures; encourage the deprived! Live to give... Don't only hustle for survival. Go, and settle for revival!
When you meet opportunity face to face, there will come all shouts; some are meant to make you miss the chance while others are encouragements from people who are ready to celebrate your winning goal! Whatever it is, you got to strike irrespective of who says what!
I observed that when a footballer is about to make a threatening strike to score a goal, there comes a big shout from spectators at the field. He could either get detracted to miss the opportunity or motivated to make it happen. Such is life!
Don't be discouraged or complacent; keep reading it, keep sharing it because it's God's page opened in your life!
If you are courageous, people say you are boastful or “too known”. You either choose to accept what they say to you and you need to accept it with its consequences. The consequence is that you will remain where you are!
God did not create you to be alone. He deposited skills, knowledge, and talents in someone out there who is expected to mentor you, teach you and encourage you to go high. Go, get a mentor!
God has not given us the spirit of fear. So imagine where your fear coming from. It's from somewhere else!
Positive attitude enables you to go with passion and see possibility in every challenging circumstance. It was by that, that great achievers picked up metal scraps on the floor and saw machines built from it.
Never let someone who draws a line and say you can't cross it intimidate you. Don't be discouraged when someone says you can't do it. You might have been the only one sent to do it.
Endurance precedes success.
In a daily life, reach out to others with sacred act of saying ‘hello, a smile, word of encouragement….
The more I dare to play the game of life, the more the possibility to win.
Those who dare take risks shall fulfill their passions.
Always look ahead with great hope and believe in timeless possibilities.
Renew your mind with the knowledge on scriptures daily. You will be better equipped to handle any situation.
As you step out of your comfort zone,may life embrace you back.
Leave yesterday in yesterday. If yesterday cannot add value to YOUR today, then it has no place and serves no purpose.
Let go of yesterday, you made it! Don't use yesterday's state of mind to make today's decisions.
Lots of people are born into lives that feel like a journey in the very middle of a big ship on familiar seas; they sit comfortably, crossing their legs, they know when the sun will rise and when the moon will wane, they have plans that they follow, they have a map! But then there are those of us, a few, who are born into lives that feel like standing at the very top of the ship's stern; we have to stand up, hold on tight for dear life, we never know when the waves will rock and we never know where the sun will set or when the moon will wane! Nothing follows the laws of common nature and we live in a wild, wild awakening and the only map we have is the map of the stars! We're called to see the lighting tear at the horizon, we're chosen to roar with the tempests, but we're also the first ones to see the suns rise, the first ones to watch the moons form anew! There is nothing ordinary, nothing at all. But neither are we! And we wouldn't want it any other way!
You get that one chance; and damn it, you’ve got to take it! If there’s one lesson I know I will take with me for eternity, its that there are those things that might happen only once, those chances that come walking down the street, strolling out of a café; if you don’t let go and take them, they really could get away! We can get so washed out with a mindset of entitlement– the universe will do everything for us to ensure our happiness– that we forget why we came here! We came here to grab, to take, to give, to have! Not to wait! Nobody came here to wait! So, what makes anyone think that destiny will keep on knocking over and over again? It could, but what if it doesn’t? You go and you take the chance that you get; even if it makes you look stupid, insane, or whorish! Because it just might not come back again. You could wait a lifetime to see if it will...but I don’t think you should.
You don’t have to stop dreaming.
You must seek what you desire.
Life is a book. Keep writing your book.
We dare to dream.
Take a daily action to make your dreams a reality.
God would never place a dream in your heart that He didn't have the ability to fulfill.
Level, is spelled the same forward and backwards. Those on the upper level can always hit the bottom, and those on the bottom can always rank to the top. Envision your footprints up there already trailing, and your feet will soon follow suit.
Poverty may be a privilege and even a way of life for the monk in the desert,for he has only himself to sustain and none but his god to please, but I consider poverty to be the mark of lack of ability or lack of ambition.I am not deficient in either of these qualities!
Here and there and not just in books we catch glimpses of a world of once upon a time and they lived happily ever after, of a world where there is a wizard to give courage and a heart, an angel with a white stone that has written on it our true and secret name, and it is so easy to dismiss it all that it is hardly worth bothering to do. ... But if the world of the fairy tale and our glimpses of it here and there are only a dream, they are one of the most haunting and powerful dreams that the world has ever dreamed...
Don't laugh. A girl can dream.
Art is magic, and art is powerful. Art saves lives- I really believe that. It gives us courage and compassion we might not have on our own.
When surrounded by the ashes of all that I once cherished, despite my best efforts I can find no room to be thankful. But standing there amidst endless ash I must remember that although the ashes surround me, God surrounds the ashes. And once that realization settles upon me, I am what I thought I could never be ... I am thankful for ashes.
Did he know that God loved him from the foundations of the earth? With a power far exceeding the immensity of the cosmos, He turned all His attention to creating that man and declared, "You are My child. I love you.
We all need role models in different seasons, people we look to who bring encouragement for the journey. Every role model but One will fail. If we get up-close we will see that each one is imperfect, except the One perfect lamb who was crucified for our sins. He was the scapegoat. He was the rejected One.
False religion may prevail, iniquity may abound, the love of many may wax cold, the cross of Calvary may be lost sight of, and darkness, like the pall of death, may spread over the world; the whole force of the popular current may be formed to overthrow the people of God; but in the hour of greatest peril the God of Elijah will raise up human instrumentalities to bear a message that will not be silenced.
Awakening and owning the dreams that God has placed in our hearts isn't about getting stuff or attaining something. It's about embracing who we are and who he has created us to be. In him. He is our dream come true, and the one true love of our life. But we can't love him with our whole hearts when our hearts are asleep. To love Jesus means to risk coming awake, to risk wanting and desiring.
What could be more encouraging than realizing that Jesus calls the unqualified?
I have faith in God to put me where I need to be at the right time, and to put on my heart what I’m called to do… Sometimes we’re called to be very proactive about one thing, and then in another season, we’re supposed to let it go, trust God and pick up something else. You have to be in constant prayer and connected with the Holy Spirit to lead you.
Don't look at the present storm, but look to the Son coming.
One of the most important things you can do on this earth is to let people know they are not alone.
God doesn't call us to mediocrity. He calls us to a greater standard that doesn't teach us to tear people down to reach him, but to lift others up. Be the type of person that when people walk away from you, they know who you represent!
We each have the power to give. It’s the most gratifying feeling ever. By reaching out to help another human being you're sending ripples of positive change.
I'd always follow Nixon's orders, but you can't order somebody to be happy.
Perhaps a seemingly dull, boring person is not a person who lacks personality, but rather a person with so much personality most other things bore them.
If you want to help someone move on, you don’t label people as good, bad, worst or best. This categorizes people, rather than experiences with that person. People are not all evil or all good. You don’t teach compassion by categorizing people. Empathy and honest open communication are the only way to live your life. If you’re blaming someone then you haven’t let go of your pain long enough to really try on theirs. However, if you must believe that the only type of person that brings you difficult lessons or experiences in life are those that are bad or worse, then take the time to read the bible a little closer. Christ, put a few people in their place, in order to make point.
The three jewels of Tao: compassion, moderation, and humility. Balthasar said compassion leads to courage, moderation leads to generosity, and humility leads to leadership.
I’m sick of hearing it. I don’t think it’s right to stand by while innocent people are being tortured. I feel like that’s how most horrible things continue to happen. It’s because other people don’t step in to stop it.
To me, empathy and compassion are among the bravest of emotions ... and faith, the bravest of convictions.
Don't be afraid to make corrections," Picchu said. "Don't be afraid to lend a hand." She fell silent, seeming to think for a moment. "And don't look down.
Be courageous. Get out of your comfort zone to live fully and abundantly.
I wanted to become courageous so I started to accept everything with kindness.
We often forget to draw a new picture because we are so busy criticizing other paintings.
If you fear doing something, don’t discourage others who are doing it.
Be courageous! Never fear to take a chance.
The greatest inspiration you can find in this world is "YOU" when you help someone, encourage them, praise them, smile at them or just be kind to them that is a huge Inspiration to you and them!!
We can only diffuse kindness, to the souls filled with bitterness
We must encourage, support and comfort one another.
Such a simple thing, kindness. Such a simple thing. A nice word of encouragement, given when needed. An act of friendship. A passing smile.
There is more beauty than our eyes can bear, precious things have been put into our hands and to do nothing to honor them is to do great harm.
Try to forgive by trying to understand how it would feel to be in the other’s shoes. If someone hurts you – ask them - “What hurts you so much that you would do this?” Listen to the answer and try to understand what is valid for them. They may have been fighting for your attention, but no one thinks of themselves as attackers, only defenders! So don’t judge their ways, only set them free by giving them a chance to speak. You may both learn a lot from your kindness and courage in asking for the truth. But even if nothing changes, release it, remember that you both have a right to be who you choose to be. When we make judgements we're inevitably acting on limited knowledge, so ask if you seek to understand, or simply let them be!
Sincere compliments cost nothing and can accomplish so much. In ANY relationship, they are the applause that refreshes.
I have been so very, very fortunate in my life. I've met or been in contact with several of my childhood heroes. I've interacted with people all over this planet, and even though I couldn't possibly hope to remember all their names, I remember a photograph, a poem, a sound, a joke, kind words of encouragement. All is not lost.
When you travel, there really are no mistakes--just learning opportunities.
When you follow the right steps you will never get lost.
If you cannot find peace where you stand you shall not find it where you land.
What separates courage from fear are the thoughts we choose to believe.
What separates courage from fear our the thoughts we choose to believe.
Rise to the challenge and become the captain of your own thoughts, beliefs, decisions and actions. Have faith in God. Walk with courage and keep your positive mental imagination alive. Whenever you fall, waste no time in getting back up. It is only a matter of time until something miraculous happens in your life.
When we’re not true to our thoughts and not true to the feelings we have deep inside, we find ourselves unhappy. Be courageous enough to align your life with your feelings, desires, and sense of purpose.
It is not how much you have that matters. But how much you share that is the most important.
The only reason i love the courage of these individuals is that they take their family members as astray chicks, and the reason i don't want to belong to this category is because those chicks are far more important to me than trivial wealth and fame.
What's the point of wandering?to find a better place?a home?But the loneliness will always capture mein its clawsof no tomorrow
Connecting with those you know love, like and appreciate you restores the spirit and give you energy to keep moving forward in this life.
Love is enduring spirit.
Value those who give you constructive criticism, because without them doing so, you will never reach the peak of what you are do.
Choose criticism wisely, it might help you improve some elements of what you do.
There is a spirit greater than you, always within reach of you, but he only comes to take charge when your own spirit is lost, and cries out in his own tongue, which you cannot know but only feel, and it is in feeling that you will have orders. Yet not even in feeling, for I felt nothing, only surprise that I was going forward.
I admire some people for their brilliance and I respect others for their strength. But I am indebted to those who can rekindle my spirit.
Work filled with inspiration is worship. A heart filled with courage is unbreakable. A life filled with gratitude is fulfilled.
The past will only catch you, if you ran from it to begin with.
I have gotten where I am today by refusing to stay where I was. Change is something I have done over and over again.
Spirits arrive at this world in naked bodies, their purpose - to grow wings.
The doing and the daring are the magic keys to unlocking the treasure chest.
Do not be too quick to get angry.
Go beyond the sky!
Quality is better than quantity.
Learn the rules of the game and become a better player.
Accept yourself for the person you are, for all the mistakes you did and also for the transformation you’re about to experience in the future. Love your future version from this moment.
Generosity is the heart of humanity.
Positive life, positive action.
The individual great spirit and great efforts create a great team.
Do everything with love.
May you find the courage to pursue your dream.
May the Lord grant you wisdom to live wisely.
You have the capacity to do the work.
In the wilderness, be not afraid. Trust God to deliver you.
The Lord will lead us through the mighty waters.
With great inspiration, every man can reach their highest potential.
Within you lies your strength.
King of Kings; my rock, my refuge!
You will only know the road, until you have travel on it.
God shall supply my every need.
God cares. He will supply all your needs.
Keep your hope in the Lord.
You must see challenges as virtues of opportunities for personal development. You will then have the strength to overcome the challenge.
The scripture gives us timeless hope.
We can't help but rejoice despite the circumstance.
Not every dream grows on every land, so you got to watch out! “Sugar cane” dreams should find the environment where there is flooding of great ideas from great people. It will die off if it is planted at the place where the drought of discouragement is a well cherished culture!
Stop blaming people for not helping you to solve your problems. The question is simple "are they the ones in the problem with you"? People may teach you, people may advise you, people may inspire you, but it takes YOU to go the extra mile and make an indelible impact!
The annoyance you ignore today only gets worse tomorrow. Solve it now.
All ways will lead and take you there as long as you know where you want to go.
All successful people learn to navigate diverse personalities. So don't loose hopes after failure, try other ways and you'll reach there.
The wonders of life...you and I are the light! Seek within...there is no one to fight…love is all…we are one…concentrate on bringing forth your sight...breathe deep…the universe is waiting for you divine ones.
Disappointment is really just a term for our refusal to look on the bright side.
You can become anything you put your mind to. Just make sure it's worth a read.
Are you willing to self -sacrifice to achieve your goals?
When you have a plan in your mind of what the best life is for you, but it doesn't match your life, you have pain.
The harder the fight, the greater the victory.
Your dreams are a poetic reflection of your soul's wishes. Be courageous enough to follow them.
I love widely and deeply, the Naive sense of Primitivism I manage to project in my Art. It always gives me a sense that it is not developed or derived from anything else, and it is unaffected by objective reasoning. Very similar to my nomadic life.
I find myself in the moment of solitude.
Don’t do it! Don’t you dare think about giving up! EVERYTHING has a process. Work with the process, not against it. Move forward with purpose and never stop believing. You can do this! You know you can.
There IS a better future for you! Get rid of that negative and defeated attitude. Stop tearing yourself down and learn to build yourself up. Speak positively about yourself. If you’re not satisfied with who you are and where you’re at in your life, have the courage to make a change and be a person that you can be proud of. Change can be scary, but change for the better is very rewarding in the end. You can do it! Do it for YOU.
Say what you mean and mean what you say. Don’t be afraid to stand firm on the decisions that you make. Trust yourself. Believe in your instincts. Do what works best for YOU. Stay true to yourself and be good to yourself. Allow every decision that you make to empower, enrich, and add value to your life!
You won’t fail! That’s the fear in you lying to you. You will succeed! That’s why fear is trying so hard to stop you. I encourage you to take that first step. Walk into your purpose and do what you were born to do. Have faith in yourself. Have courage to move forward doubting NOTHING. Doubt has no place and serves no purpose. Give yourself a chance to uncover all of the greatness that’s within you!
We always look behind, through, and beyond ourselves, never within.
I decided that life rationally considered seemed pointless and futile, but it is still interesting in a variety of ways, including the study of science. So why not carry on, following the path of scientific hedonism? Besides, I did not have the courage for the more rational procedure of suicide.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
If you care about what people think about you, you will end up being their slave. Reject and pull your own rope.
You may not be the smartest, richest or best looking person but you're probably not the dumbest, ugliest or poorest either.
I don't need to be tame, because dragons choose their partner by themselves.
Is it not enough to dip your tongue into my soul and write poetry?
Stand firm. Stand tall.
Sacred-soul, sacred life.
It is impossible to satisfy self. Self always wants more and more. It is an ugly monster that will devour you if you don't devour it. Stop feeding it an watch the pressure be released. Self deprivation is much more fulfilling than self gratification. Who Knew?
Practise really seeing yourself in the mirror. This is NOT about examining yourself. This is about you looking beyond your external image to connect with your soul. Look upon yourself with complete appreciation and acceptance. You are so beautiful.
The only love you have to prove in life is your love of God and helping others. Anyone that can't see that has proven themselves to be unworthy of your time because why would you spend your life with someone that can't tell the difference between a diamond and dirt?
No matter how small you are or feel or think you are–live big. Yours is the only life of you, in this form, the world will ever have!
Having the courage to stand up for yourself is like bringing swords to a stick fight.
Believe in the strength of your own resolve.
Like a Columbus of the heart, mind and soul I have hurled myself off the shores of my own fears and limiting beliefs to venture far out into the uncharted territories of my inner truth, in search of what it means to be genuine and at peace with who I really am. I have abandoned the masquerade of living up to the expectations of others and explored the new horizons of what it means to be truly and completely me, in all my amazing imperfection and most splendid insecurity.
There's no alternative to being yourself. Accept it, honour it, value it - and get on with it.
I decided I would not go to court to have my mother declared incompetent, I would not fight. I put the car in drive and hit the gas. I felt as if I'd jumped off a sinking ship and was in a life raft with my little girl, my face turned away from the horror, rowing, rowing, as fast and as hard as I could in the opposite direction.
At the root of all misery is unfulfilled desire.
Love is something worth suffering for...
A life of hardship and personal suffering is unavoidable. A person must endure many humiliations of the mind and body, and expect persons whom they trusted to someday betray them. People inevitably witness the death of their loved ones. We also witness acts of depravity committed by criminals that lurk in every society and rouge acts of scandal committed by government officials in charge of the public welfare. A person must nonetheless resist personal discouragement, sadness, dejection, and despondency. I must reach an accord with pain, suffering, and anguish, or forevermore be tortured by reality while constantly seeking to escape from the inescapable agony of being.
I needed someone to tell me how God could allow someone He loved to suffer so much when I wouldn't do this to someone I hated.
I know that suffering is one place where He ministers to us the most. So to think that we've had our quota would be foolish. I am just longing for the day when all the pain stops.
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If youwant to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Be humble in your confidence yet courageous in your character.
I’d tell you to fetch a match, but you have always had your own spark.
Overcoming challenges purifies you like gold to become bold.
Confidence confers on you the courage to conquer challenges.
Step forward out of your own lingering residual sense of smallness, take up every inch of life that is your blessed inheritance, and DO YOUR THING.
It is easy to smile in the face of a challenge, when we believe in ourselves that we won't back down.
Wake-up! Think for yourself, be yourself and return to what is real.
The third gift is Courage. May you speak and act with confidence and use courage to follow your own path.
My message to you all is of hope, courage, and confidence.
It is easy to tell confidence from pride. Confidence lifts, encourages, helps, and is full of gratitude. Pride demeans, mocks, destroys, and is bitter and resentful.
On the road to nowhere there are many people who lack the vision to get you anywhere.
Fatigue, discomfort, discouragement are merely symptoms of effort.
There is nothing you cannot turn into your favor.
Discouragement is the cancer of great things.
If you fail, never give up. Keep trying, you will succeed.
Every individual can reach their greatest potential with enough encouragement.
For every setback, do not get discouraged. Rejoice because you learned more than you expected.
Don't ever shelter the feeling of discouragement in your mind, because it only comes to distract one from one's true abilities in life.
Jealousy is not there to encourage you to make someone fail, but there to encourage one to do more than the one they envy.
To find the courage to keep writing after constant failure is awesomeness. Winning is eminent.
Employment is the exploitation of the employer’s courage, and, the employed’s fear of failure.
Whatever actions you take, keep in mind that over the course of life, you will fail far more from timidity, procrastination, and carefulness than you will from just stepping up to the plate and, as we say in Australia, giving it a bloody go!
It is the hardest thing of all, the one thing that will show if you have the one true courage. To know that you have failed, that your best efforts have been defeated, to not be able to stand it, to not be able to go on and yet to go on nonetheless.
Our deepest (and fastest) yearnings can be tempered by reason and experience
The moral, I suppose, would be that the first requirements for a heroic career are the knightly virtues of loyalty, temperance, and courage. The loyalty in this case is of two degrees or commitments: first, to the chosen adventure, but then, also, to the ideals of the order of knighthood. Now, this second commitment seems to put Gawain's way in opposition to the way of the Buddha, who when ordered by the Lord of Duty to perform the social duties proper to his caste, simply ignored the command, and that night achieved illumination as well as release from rebirth. Gawain is a European and, like Odysseus, who remained true to the earth and returned from the Island of the Sun to his marriage with Penelope, he has accepted, as the commitment of his life, not release from but loyalty to the values of life in this world. And yet, as we have just seen, whether following the middle way of the Buddha or the middle way of Gawain, the passage to fulfillment lies between the perils of desire and fear.
May your hope keep you joyful.
Growth can't be constrained when the journey unfolds naturally and we are open to possibility and unfamiliar paths.
Hate in your heart will consume you.
Embrace each new day with great expectations.
Stop reliant on human effort. Seek divine power.
Don’t believe the negative criticisms. You are capable beyond measure
Life is holy endured faith.
It's easy to give advice on trials that have caused you to stumble. It's harder to talk about those that have knocked you flat.
Never let the story beat you home.
My dear boy, looking like a thing has little to do with being a thing. Be the thing first, and you will grow to resemble it.
Your heart is who you are, all else follows. Guard your heart, Thomas. Guard your heart.
It's one thing to give out excellent advice, but quite another to personally swallow it.
At least three times every day take a moment and ask yourself what is really important. Have the wisdom and the courage to build your life around your answer.
There are parts of me that are broken. Thank you, they don't need fixing. There are places and people that I don't 'fit in' with. Thank you, I don't belong.There are words that have a comletely different meaning to me than for others. Thank you, I appreciate my own unique values.There are moments that I feel all alone in the world. Thank you, I rather enjoy and appreciate my solitude.There are people who judge me because they find me to be too shallow or too deep. Thank you, I love exploring the entirety of the ocean.There are people who truly love and value me just as I am. Thank you, you enrich my life profoundly. There is always room for expansion to grow, grace for every mistake, strength made perfect in every weakness and highest kudos for the courage to continue this adventurous soul mission called Life. Thank you, I am truly happy to be here.
Your oddity is your hottest commodity but you scratch yourself like it's the lottery to reject yourself mentally, spiritually & bodily.
Cling to the good.
My happiness will not be ruined by people who can not find their own.
Do not forget to love yourself.
Do not forget to be good to yourself.
Be the star of your life.
Love the Lord God, with all your heart, soul, mind and strength.
I think that little by little I'll be able to solve my problems and survive.
I've been dealing with physical pain these past few days and here is one of the things it has made me realize: a lot of times we find ourselves in situations, and the mindset that got you into the situation cannot be the mindset that frees you from the situation. Whether it is physical pain or emotional pain - you've got to see yourself beyond the pain. See yourself healthy and healed in the midst of the pain. By His Stripes...
Sharing your story is a courageous step towards healing your own heart.
Hope kept us alive in the midst of the turbulence.
We have to walk by faith to possess all that is duly ours.
Hold fast to your faith.Keep your hope in the Lord.Embrace the love of God.
The most beautiful, amazing and inevitable fact about life- Everything has a natural healing process.
You're not broken beyond repair there is hope. There is a God who knows all the pain you endure and will heal, protect and rejuvenate you.
Hope: Hold on, persistence effort!
I do not know the details of tomorrow, but I have a hope for a better tomorrows.
Interact with others as if you are radiating happiness and healing from within.
Many survivors insist they’re not courageous: ‘If I were courageous I would have stopped the abuse.’ ‘If I were courageous, I wouldn't be scared’... Most of us have it mixed up. You don’t start with courage and then face fear. You become courageous because you face your fear.
Underlying the attack on psychotherapy, I believe, is a recognition of the potential power of any relationship of witnessing. The consulting room is a privileged space dedicated to memory. Within that space, survivors gain the freedom to know and tell their stories. Even the most private and confidential disclosure of past abuses increases the likelihood of eventual public disclosure. And public disclosure is something that perpetrators are determined to prevent. As in the case of more overtly political crimes, perpetrators will fight tenaciously to ensure that their abuses remain unseen, unacknowledged, and consigned to oblivion.The dialectic of trauma is playing itself out once again. It is worth remembering that this is not the first time in history that those who have listened closely to trauma survivors have been subject to challenge. Nor will it be the last. In the past few years, many clinicians have had to learn to deal with the same tactics of harassment and intimidation that grassroots advocates for women, children and other oppressed groups have long endured. We, the bystanders, have had to look within ourselves to find some small portion of the courage that victims of violence must muster every day.Some attacks have been downright silly; many have been quite ugly. Though frightening, these attacks are an implicit tribute to the power of the healing relationship. They remind us that creating a protected space where survivors can speak their truth is an act of liberation. They remind us that bearing witness, even within the confines of that sanctuary, is an act of solidarity. They remind us also that moral neutrality in the conflict between victim and perpetrator is not an option. Like all other bystanders, therapists are sometimes forced to take sides. Those who stand with the victim will inevitably have to face the perpetrator's unmasked fury. For many of us, there can be no greater honor. p.246 - 247Judith Lewis Herman, M.D. February, 1997
If we keep our heads down, either out of defeat or loss or shame or tiredness... whatever the reason, we are going to miss the beautiful sun (and Son) that is right there in front of us, shining its warmth on our faces and our souls!
Barnabas’s voice helps me drift off to sleep. I think briefly about how I’ve never felt this way about anyone else. I care about my family and friends, but this is a different feeling. This must be how my father feels about my mother. This must be what it feels like to be in love. Somehow, I’m certain.I know I can’t leave him here to rot. I can’t leave him at all.
For fear, real fear, such as shakes you to your foundation, such as you feel when you are brought face to face with your mortal end, nestles in your memory like a gangrene: it seeks to rot everything, even the words with which to speak of it. So you must fight hard to express it. You must fight hard to shine the light of words upon it. Because if you don't, if your fear becomes a wordless darkness that you avoid, perhaps even manage to forget, you open yourself to further attacks of fear because you never truly fought the opponent who defeated you.
One has to abandon altogether the search for security, and reach out to the risk of living with both arms. One has to court doubt and darkness as the cost of knowing.
If you refuse to deal with time today, time will deal with you tomorrow.
The Great stories give us the hope and the courage to survive life.
A writer is merely a reader that had the guts to be read, and, heard.
Because the chief commodity a writer has to sell is his courage. And if he has none, he is more than a coward. He is a sellout and a fink and a heretic, because writing is a holy chore.
You can conquer fear with faith.
My hope fuels my determination to overcome any difficulty.
The roadmap to a rich, rewarding life is to follow your passion, to be willing to deviate, to never dull to the dawn of a new day and all of the possibilities it holds for adventure and discovery.
If your life is not an adventure then you are not truly alive.
Take a wrong turn. Get lost in something you love.
I wanted something that would address the strengths and weaknesses of humanity. I wanted a story that could move readers. My Honor Flight is that story.
How often do we lie simply because we are trying to build ourselves up in the eyes of others? How often do we gossip because we want to appear “in the know,”or because we are trying to make ourselves appear better than someone else? The Bible's command is clear: [“Have regard for good things in the sight of all men” (Romans 12:17 NKJV)].
Renewal is brought by the Holy Spirit. Believers will learn what it means to minister to one another and build each other up. No longer will our lives seem ordinary and indistinguishable from the rest of the world.
Sometimes we encourage someone without even being aware of it. Even the example we set by attending church may encourage someone who is searching for God.
[The Holy Spirit] will remain with every believer right to the end. This thought has encouraged me a thousand times in these dark days when satanic forces are at work.
With an old head and a young heart, you can be a source of real strength [to others] who need your cheer and encouragement.
All around you are people whose lives are filled with trouble and sorrow, and they need your compassion and encouragement.
We never gain in life by hurting others. Sometimes we try to elevate our own insecure egos by degrading and belittling those around us. Yet this produces only a false sense of self-esteem.
The Bible teaches us to be more concerned about the needs and feelings of others than our own. We are to encourage and build self-confidence in our loved ones, friends, and associates.
Endure every hardship as a discipline of grace.
We shall overcome every barrier by divine grace.
The power of encouragement is the grace of life.
It takes a certain amount of courage, he though, to face yourself and say with candor, I'm rotten. I've done evil and I will again. It was no accident; it emanated from the true, authentic me.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries. We contend that for a nation to tax itself into prosperity is like a man standing in a bucket and trying to lift himself up by the handle. The whole history of the world is summed up in the fact that, when nations are strong, they are not always just, and when they wish to be just, they are no longer strong.
And so, she turned her back on the abyss for another day.
The wolves of the world have no pity for the confused, the scattered, the lost or the weak.
Can you start a movement in your land that will encourage men and women to begin to think, to begin to make sound judgement and informed decisions? Will you bring illumination to your people? Will you facilitate understanding amidst those whom you live with? The earth is crying for people who make sound judgement and informed decisions.
Before any change for the better can take place, a level of understanding is always needed; because without understanding we tend to fall back on the automatic responses and reactions that we have built up over our lives.
Don't let 'em see they killed you!
Never act upon wishful thinking. Act without checking the facts, and chances are that you will be swept away along with the mob.
Let us banish fear. We have been in this mental state for three centuries. I am a radical. I am ready to act, if I can find brave men to help me.
If you don't stop fear, fear will stop you. Somebody's gotta stop. My advice? Don't let it be you. Whatever IT is. Do IT afraid
I must take action of some sort whilst the courage of the day is upon me.
You will find that people will always have opinions about your decisions. Don’t take it personally, it’s simply because they're not courageous enough to take action in their own lives. Be a leader in your life and pay no mind to those who lack the courage to do the same in theirs.
Narrow the focus, take the ascent one step at a time, and it's amazing what odds a man can beat.
Every leader has the courage to make decisions. No decision is usually the worst decision.
Not all that have fallen are vanquished.
As I walk I mediate on the word of God. It comforts me.
Courage of the mind far surpasses that of the body.
The real problem is not the down time that you experience: it is what you do with it.
I can't escape reality but my mind can twist it for me. Therefore, mind can manipulate things.
God will fight your battles if you just keep still. He is able to carry you through. Trust Him. Keep standing, keep believing and keep hoping.
Replace cyber-bullying with cyber-believing.Let us build eachother up instead of bringing others down. BELIEVE & BUILD
There is no limit to what you can achieve, if you believe you can.
If you believe you can, you can make your dreams come true.
Our country is Germany -- one country that should be reunited. We don't belong to Moscow or to the west. We belong to ourselves and I have never betrayed that. This tunnel has taken every ounce of courage we have. We're not cowards.
Crazy is relative.
It takes courage to live. It takes even more courage to wonder. But it takes the greatest courage of all to believe.
Before you can be effective in communication with ANYONE else, you must know who YOU are. It begins with you. Believe me when I say, I don't need anyone's approval in this classroom ... I'm great company for myself. Me, myself, and I ... we laugh a lot. (Said on the first week of class each phase, somewhat rewording each time, but the gist is always there).
Do not seek to control other souls. Seek to know your sacred soul
Don't look shy if you wear rag and people gag, many are in the grave wearing skeleton, and you should even be happier for wearing a skin without clothes.
To stand by yourself -- that was also part of dignity. That way, a person could get through a public flaying with dignity. Galileo. Luther. Even somebody who admitted his guilt and resisted the temptation to deny it. Something politicians couldn't do. Honesty, the courage for honesty. With others and yourself.
We look at the Ark of the Covenant and remember who we are.
She was beginning to recognize it as the feeling of anger taken to such a level it was no longer possible to separate it from any other emotion or thought. In a way, it was a liberating sensation.
Free your hearts of anxiety, pain and anger, to have peace within your heart and soul.
If a negative viewer looks at you with an ugly fiendish eye, find a way and pluck off his eyes, or better still, protect your good image.
I know nothing of writing books properly. I write in the same manner I live life: one feeling at a time. If this makes me a bad writer, then I might hope to author several bad books.
Never try to discourage thinking, for you are sure to succeed.
Isn't it amazing that we’ll cause ourselves more pain by thinking about, and avoiding something we’re afraid of, or something we know we must deal with, but don't want to face? The best thing you can do is just do it, just face the fear and get it over with. How do you get the courage? You create your courage by just taking action…
Don’t let either hate or evil conquer you.
When you are in love you know no fear or hatred. when you are fearful there is no possibility of love or hatred. And when there is hate, there is only hate.
Are you a man with a conscience, or just a shark who will die when you stop moving forward?
Person who is truly positive in nature suffers a lot but they can find way to jump out of it. In fact any kind of problem they face helps them to create new ideas, indirectly helping society to upgrade positively. But person who is positive only from outer personality always suffers more then person who is truly positive because they can’t find way out of problems for themselves and later for this society.
Being a bad guy was easy, being a hero was hard.
You have behaved in an exemplary manner until now. Even when you could have gained by doing something wrong, you refrained from doing so. You didn't fall prey to the logic of doing a small wrong for the sake of the greater good; of the ends justifying the means. That takes moral courage.
I fear no hell, just as I expect no heaven. Nabokov summed up a nonbeliever’s view of the cosmos, and our place in it, thus: “The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness.” The 19th-century Scottish historian Thomas Carlyle put it slightly differently: “One life. A little gleam of Time between two Eternities.” Though I have many memories to cherish, I value the present, my time on earth, those around me now. I miss those who have departed, and recognize, painful as it is, that I will never be reunited with them. There is the here and now – no more. But certainly no less. Being an adult means, as Orwell put it, having the “power of facing unpleasant facts.” True adulthood begins with doing just that, with renouncing comforting fables. There is something liberating in recognizing ourselves as mammals with some fourscore years (if we’re lucky) to make the most of on this earth.There is also something intrinsically courageous about being an atheist. Atheists confront death without mythology or sugarcoating. That takes courage.
If the apperance doesn't scare you look out for the mind . If that doesn't nothing will .
It is a courage which can find the solution to every problem, not the intelligence.
And courage to me meant ploughing through that dull gray mist that comes down on life--not only overriding people and circumstances but overriding the bleakness of living.
Greatness in the making feels just like you feel right now
Don't be discouraged if the people around you don't see what you see in your dream. Most great people were doubted in the beginning of their journey to greatness.
I believe...that to be very poor and very beautiful is most probably a moral failure more than an artistic success. Shakespeare would have done well in any generation because he would have refused to die in a corner; he would have taken the false gods and made them over; he would have taken the current formulae and forced them into something lesser men thought them incapable of. Alive today he would undoubtedly have written and directed motion pictures, plays, and God knows what. Instead of saying, "This medium is not good," he would have used it and made it good. If some people called some his work cheap (which some of it was), he wouldn't have cared a rap, because he would know that without some vulgarity there is no complete man. He would have hated refinement, as such, because it is always a withdrawal, and he was too tough to shrink from anything.
I told you it would be difficult! If I were you I would just not bother trying these tasks! They are great challenges, clearly too great for you.” said Guya, but there was a certain sparkle in his eye as he said it. “I shall complete your tasks, ” said Yoshiko firmly. “And I’ll be back sooner than you think!” With that he spread his wings to head for Fire School. “Oh and one more thing Guya” Yoshiko added. Perhaps when I return you will be so kind as to stop calling me a little dragon!” As Yoshiko flew off Guya chuckled to himself.
Tom's cowardice was as huge as his courage, as it must be in great men.
Encouraging others can be the catalyst to unleashing their greatness.
I write because I'm free,because I can,because I will. I write because I must,because I'm breathing,because I'd go crazy otherwise,because it's who I am.I write to make a statement,to share my thoughts,to discover myself,to express my ideas.But most of all, I write for future generations.I write for love. I write to inspire.I write to encourage. I write for me.
Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people.
This is a book about fracture. About the experiences that make up a life. About the pieces of me. Delving into naked emotion is a terrifying proposition. Digging into our souls to look for answers that may not be there is a ledge most of us avoid. And yet, here I am.
I decided to tell the truth even if it meant being pointed at.
It takes self-discipline and persistence action to achieve the goal.
The P's of life: Positive, Passionate and Persistent life.
If you want courage, kill fear and blindfold ignorance
When things don’t add up, either you don’t have a calculator or you forgot to use commonsense by simply asking.
Once, a few years earlier, Jules had gone to see a play at Ash’s theater, and afterward, during the “talkback,” when the audience asked questions of the playwright and of Ash, who’d directed the production, a woman stood up and said, “This one is for Ms. Wolf. My daughter wants to be a director too. She’s applying to graduate school in directing, but I know very well that there are no jobs, and that she’s probably only going to have her dreams dashed. Shouldn’t I encourage her to do something else, to find some other field she can get into before too much time goes by?” And Ash had said to that mother, “Well, if she’s thinking about going into directing, she has to really, really want it. That’s the first thing. Because if she doesn’t, then there’s no point in putting herself through all of this, because it’s incredibly hard and dispiriting. But if she does really, really want it, and if she seems to have a talent for it, then I think you should tell her, ‘That’s wonderful.’ Because the truth is, the world will probably whittle your daughter down. But a mother never should.
If all we ever offer is blanket praise without any meaning behind it, kids will always seek approval because they'll never feel satisfied. If we offer genuine encouragement for their accomplishments, they won't need our approval; they'll approve of themselves.
I've found what makes children happy doesn't always prepare them to be courageous, engaged adults.
Sometimes our work as caregivers is not for the faint of heart. But, you will never know what you are made of until you step into the fire. Step bravely!
When all is done, you must look in your own heart to know the truth. It lies at some middle depth, half-truths above, half-truths below. Even my truth, what I tell you know, is colored to fit my vision. Find your own truths as best you can, only remember that few are courageous enough to tell a tale of which they are not the hero.
Allowing ourselves to become a nation of silent, secretive, timid citizens is likely to result in a system of democracy and justice that is neither very democratic nor very just.
Better to be a laughing-stock than lose the fort for fear of being one.
We only fear due to lack of faith.
You can shine everywhere you are.
The fertile land yields its fruits in the sacred time.
The power of patient is the greatest survival skills.
Hope is a gaze on a higher power to meet our every need.
Write a daily gratitude.
I know God cares, He knows my every need.
Seek the blessings each day brings.
What a glorious day!
The Bible strongly encourages us to get involved in discipleship.
Only you can decide how far you get to travel in life. Therefore, you definitely owe it to your future self to be courageous and ambitious enough to strive and thrive without limitations.
It's one thing to know the things you seek are within your reach, but another to confidently and courageously move forward and seize them.
If the journey to success and happiness was hundred miles, some people would calculate it by meters and get discouraged by the numbers they come up with.
The long road to success isn't meant to discourage and stress you; rather, it's only for the purpose of adding value to the prize you seek.
Fear is something we all feel, but some people allow theirs to grow stronger than their courage.
No matter what it is that you are going through at this very moment, I encourage you to choose perseverance over discouragement. If you hang in strong long enough, sooner or later, this experience would become a thing of the past like the obstacles you defeated in the past.
The beauty of life lies in being courageous enough to display your true identify in the public light.
You are tougher than the challenges you are currently faced with. They cannot break you without your consent. They are only temporarily there to make you stronger and wiser. Therefore, think positive, walk with faith, and courageously grow from them.
The occasional or frequent arrivals of fearful and doubtful thoughts in your mind don't mean that you aren't stronger than your struggles, challenges and obstacles. You should never hesitate for a second to challenge and replace them with words of encouragement whenever they arise.
You would never know how strong that you are until you decide to courageously and confidently face your adversities over choosing to make excuses or complain about them.
You can never tell how high you could climb on the ladder of success until you start giving your goals some honest courageous attempts.
We all have greatness in us, but too many people haven't fully activated their courage and confidence to show theirs to the world.
No matter what your enemies or haters are predicting about your life, if you keep pushing ahead with courage and faith, you would surely become a living testimony of abundant happiness and success in the future.
At every given moment in your life, you have the option to move backwards with fears and doubts or to keep pushing forward with faith and courage. But don't forget to consider the positive demands of your inner-self while choosing on which direction to take.
Try not to waste your entire stay on earth running from your fears. You were born to be victorious in all your endeavors. Start walking with faith and courage. God is with you, and will forever be with you.
This very moment calls for you to activate your courage and start facing and challenging the things that scare you the most. You are a lot stronger than those negative thoughts that are trying to convince you to believe that you are incapable of triumphing.
God always has a perfect way out for you where negativity says that there's no way out. Relax and allow your heart to beat with faith and courage. You truly have a great God.
No matter how rough the winds of adversities blow,continue to walk with courage and faith. You are much stronger than you could ever imagine.
Seek within to discover your true in life; activate your faith and courage, and then work consistently until its success becomes your new reality.
The presence of fear doesn't mean that you lack what it takes to strive and win. It only means that you stepping into a whole new territory.
In a world full of cynics, critics, and competitors, we get to choose instead to be cheerleaders for others.
Everything and everyone has a place to be, Echo. It’s just a matter of how they get there and when. You have a place; you just have to find it.
A man does not have to be an angel to be a saint.
Happiness is achieved when you stop waiting for your life to begin and start making the most of the moment you are in.
In times of great darkness, courage lights the way home.
Stand strong. Stand firm.
Little things done with love are much better than big things without love.
Life is love.
If we focus on the problems of life, we will be paralysed
May the Lord be your strong tower.
The word of God gives strength to my bones, power to my spirit and hope to my soul.
Do not waste your time and life, searching for a job.
No great thing could ever be achieved without encouragement.
Love Is An Act Of Valour.
I would rather be a little nobody, then to be a evil somebody.
Character, in the long run, is the decisive factor in the life of an individual and of nations alike.
No matter how strong you are, you don’t just fight any fight at all! When you fight a wrong fight, you die a wrong death!
You have to push through every difficulty to have a breakthrough.
I make honorable things pleasant to children." A teacher from Sparta
The only fear that builds character, is the fear of God.
Life is like a painting you reflect the image based on your feeling, emotion, character, attitude and how you made it.
What do you believe reveals more about a man’s character, his arrogance or his attempt to disguise it?
Encourage literally came from "in courage." The courage is put "into" you from outside. Our character and abilities grow through internalizing from others what we do not possess in ourselves.
Any regime or any government which motivates its own people to be different than one another is a good regime, is a good government! Encourage people to think differently, to act differently, and to believe in different things, otherwise you create just a herd of animals!
The USA government encourages gun ownership at the same time as they have allowed environmental radiation levels to become ridiculously high powered and this continues to increase annually. It will be interesting to see where this government experiment eventually takes the USA!
Your life is your responsibility. Choose the right paths for journey of a life time.
God has given us our own unique paths to follow in life. What's interesting is no one's journey is ever the same.
If I get up just one less time than the number of times I’ve been knocked down, I have done one of the most devastating things possible; I have halted my life at that very spot.
There is an end to every journey.
May you find new opportunities in every encounter.
I will either adamantly prioritize my agendas at the expense of the truth, or I will consistently bring my agendas into unrelenting obedience to the truth. And if for some reason you’re trying to determine who I truly am, the choice I make will tell you.
She was beginning to realize people could survive most things. Not because thy were brave or strong, but because there wasn't any choice.
We are blessed when our loved ones know what they have long before they lose us. It’s the same with people. If they are taken for granted long enough, they can be oppressed to the point that they never experience the joys of life. Life on earth becomes a disappointment for them and Heaven becomes their goal. On the other hand, if they are loved and encouraged and appreciated, they will find all kinds of reasons to keep on living! It is never too late to help someone to see that they are valuable and wanted upon the earth.
You were beautifully and wonderfully created with the skin of diamonds, so if you do break, you are still valuable.
How we treat one another matters, and not just in a "it's nice to be nice" kind of way: our behavior contributes to an environment that encourages some opportunities and hinders others.
... it is shameful that there are so few women in science... In China there are many, many women in physics. There is a misconception in America that women scientists are all dowdy spinsters. This is the fault of men. In Chinese society, a woman is valued for what she is, and men encourage her to accomplishments yet she remains eternally feminine.
Plant your flag, respectfully stand for truth, justice, and freedom for all.
Discouragement is root of distress.
I’ve always thought that the reason the devil approached Eve and not Adam is because the devil Recognized the power, courage, and the tenacity of a woman, the world would have you believe that Eve was a weaker sex and that is why the devil approached her, But think about it, a weak person would never disobey let alone desire to be God.
The softest grass can break any stone in her quest to find the sun. Rise again, woman, RISE AGAIN!
He caught his breath, not because of her bedraggled appearance, but rather because of the way she stood, so straight and tall. Courageous.
This book is full of empty love quotes. If you are looking for the meaning of life and love, then this book is for you. You won’t find the answers here, of course, but you’ll be more encouraged than ever to keep on looking. Or maybe you’ll be discouraged. Either way, I’ll have your money, and you’ll have no answers. Sounds like a fair deal to me.
Whether we know it or choose to admit it, we are either an Encourager or a Discourager. We each make a choice as to which type we will be… every day. Discouragers bring “stresspools.”I call any of those places that add unnecessary stress and aggravation “stresspools.” They are just as stinky and rotten as cesspools, but “stresspools” wreak of tension, strain, anxiety, worry, hassle, pressure, and emotional trauma.
I am tired of hearing negative words. I will supersaturate the world with positive words.
You have to push through every barrier to get to the mountain top.
It takes more than just awareness for us to change. It takes courage and humility and the willingness to occasionally feel like fools and laugh at ourselves.
It often seems as though the silent, humble servant is secretly wiser and more discerning than the haughty master; yet through dutiful (and sometimes insecure) surrender he continues to serve and carry out petty orders in loyal acquiescence.
Always remember, no matter how big you get in life, God is still bigger; when you feel to be at your lowest point, Satan is still at the bottom.
Start telling the stories that only you can tell, because there’ll always be better writers than you and there’ll always be smarter writers than you. There will always be people who are much better at doing this or doing that – but you are the only you.
Whatever you attempt, if your attitude sucks, so will you.
Defy reason.
You must dare, and dare again, and then dare a little bit more, and go on daring.
Stop worshiping the bad in boys and start recognizing the good in men
A good response beats a bad reaction any day. Be encouraged
Intercourse is one thing, Intimacy is everything. Be encouraged
One of the smartest things one can do in life sometimes…is play stupid. Be encouraged
Just because you start attempting to do right, doesn’t mean people will let you forget about what you’ve done wrong…Be encouraged
It wouldn’t matter if he was a bad boy , if you got rid of your bad habit. Be encouraged
To fight discouragement, remind yourself of the basics: I can write.I have the opportunity to do so. I love what I write. Now smile and be thankful.
And so he set about restoring them, using the tricks he had learned over the years. He went to them, speaking to each of them in tones so low that none of the others could hear, getting their names, gently touching them, asking about their pains, their fears, gently eliciting their stories, reminding them of why they had run in the first place.
Unless we learn how to humbly tell each other our giving stories, our churches will not learn to give.
When you shift conversations and explore the greatness of your team members, you're likely to be a person who creates opportunities for their strength to show up on the job.
Even if you aren't independent or career wise, at least show that you have a passion for life and an optimistic outlook.
No matter how heavy the challenges we face in our life, embrace optimism, perseverance, tenacity and courage. Never lose faith and hope and a generous heart who live and breathes with a timeless love.
I've never been more hopeful about our future. I have never been more hopeful about America. And I ask you to sustain that hope. I'm not talking about blind optimism, the kind of hope that just ignores the enormity of the tasks ahead or the roadblocks that stand in our path. I'm not talking about the wishful idealism that allows us to just sit on the sidelines or shirk from a fight. I have always believed that hope is that stubborn thing inside us that insists, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us so long as we have the courage to keep reaching, to keep working, to keep fighting.
I seek divinity and spirituality of my soul.
Confidence is the greatest success.
Never be afraid to your share your story.
You don’t have to compete with any one. Seek to outdo your own performance. You will always be happy.
You must nurture the force within you. You are the only person that can behold the divine force for your divine purpose.
There's a way, a way way too long but reachable, not for everyone a way but possible... Go and don't lose your way!
Be like a rocky promontory against which the restless surf continually pounds; it stands fast while the churning sea is lulled to sleep at its feet. I hear you say, "How unlucky that this should happen to me!" Not at all! Say instead, "How lucky that I am not broken by what has happened and am not afraid of what is about to happen. The same blow might have struck anyone, but not many would have absorbed it without capitulation or complaint.
It is not only the hostility of others that may prevent us from questioning the status quo. Our will to doubt can be just as powerfully sapped by an internal sense that societal conventions must have a sound basis, even if we are not sure exactly what this may be, because they have been adhered to by a great many people for a long time. It seems implausible that our society could be gravely mistaken in its beliefs, and at the same time, that we would be alone in noticing the fact. We stifle our doubts, and follow the flock, because we cannot conceive of ourselves as pioneers of hitherto unknown difficult truths. It is for help in overcoming our meekness that we can turn to the philosopher.
You're not lost, so long as you know your way back home.
Everything starts from home. If the father isn’t there, then the friends are going to step up to influence the young boy astray. This is where the problems come in, because in my community the majority of the children do not have any fathers in the home. I can only speak for my community. This is why with the young guys who do hang around me, I always do my best to encourage them. I have already lived the negative side on the streets, so I prefer to encourage them on the positive side - to encourage them to get a job, save their money and to do something for their families.Franco ‘Co’ Bethel, former gang leader and right hand man to Scrooge.
Going forward, you must adjust to the new reality, be more self directed, and learn to be productive under the reign of uncertainty, unpredictability, and unstable times.
Dare to live by letting go.
You have not been put on earth for the devil to torment you, you have been put on this earth to torment the devil.
Do not allow any discouragement in your soul.
Can you not see that we still might win? We lost a battle, not a war.
I've heard, "We live in a world of diminishing returns, when what we give we'll never get back." I say, "What we give returns to us in like-kind 400 times.
You can have your wish in the sacred time.
It is only in the peach innocence of youth that life is at its crest on top of the wheel. And there being only life, the young cling to it, they fear death... And they should! ...For they are in life.
Think... of the world which you carry within yourself... and set it above everything that you notice about you. Your inmost happening is worth your whole love, that is what you must somehow work at, and not loose too much time and too much courage in explaining your attitude to people.
There is wisdom in knowing your limits and then daring to push past them. Choose to live an exceptional life.
We must stop treating the environment possessively, and as an expendable commodity.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, then it's not the end.
Treat a man as he is and he will remain as he is. Treat a man as he can and should be andhe will become as he can and should be.
Yelling at living things does tend to kill the spirit in them. Sticks and stones may break our bones, but words will break our hearts...
...You can do something extraordinary, and something that a lot of people can't do. And if you have the opportunity to work on your gifts, it seems like a crime not to. I mean, it's just weakness to quit because something becomes too hard...
Remember, man does not live on bread alone: sometimes he needs a little buttering up.
Encourage yourself, believe in yourself, and love yourself. Never doubt who you are.
Nature never repeats herself, and the possibilities of one human soul will never be found in another.
Your father is alive in you, Harry, and shows himself most plainly when you need of him. How else could you produce that particular Patronus? Prongs rode again last night.
Not in order to justify, but simply in order to explain my lack of consistency, I say: Look at my present life and then at my former life, and you will see that I do attempt to carry them out. It is true that I have not fulfilled one thousandth part of them [Christian precepts], and I am ashamed of this, but I have failed to fulfill them not because I did not wish to, but because I was unable to. Teach me how to escape from the net of temptations that surrounds me, help me and I will fulfill them; even without help I wish and hope to fulfill them.Attack me, I do this myself, but attack me rather than the path I follow and which I point out to anyone who asks me where I think it lies. If I know the way home and am walking along it drunkenly, is it any less the right way because I am staggering from side to side! If it is not the right way, then show me another way; but if I stagger and lose the way, you must help me, you must keep me on the true path, just as I am ready to support you. Do not mislead me, do not be glad that I have got lost, do not shout out joyfully: “Look at him! He said he was going home, but there he is crawling into a bog!” No, do not gloat, but give me your help and support.
A man does not need encouragement to lose his heart.
Sometimes the best goal you can set is just to get out of bed every day. If you can succeed at this, then other things become possible.
This day will never come again and anyone who fails to eat and drink and taste and smell it will never have it offered to him again in all eternity. The sun will never shine as it does today...But you must play your part and sing a song, one of your best.
God is never a God of discouragement. When you have a discouraging spirit or train of thought in your mind, you can be sure it is not from God. He sometimes brings pain to his children-conviction over sin, or repentance over fallenness, or challenges that scare us, or visions of his holiness that overwhelm us. But God never brings discouragement.
Stones and sticks are thrown only at fruit-bearing trees.
Encouragement from any source is like a drop of rain upon a parched desert. Thanks to all the many others who rained on me when I needed it, and even when I foolishly thought I didn't.(acknowledgements in The P.U.R.E.)
Your nature is not the problem. The problem is that you have become alienated from your nature -- from your power source.
Right!""Right!""You can get there!""I can get there!""You're a natural at counting to two!""I'm a nat'ral at counting to two!""If you can count to two, you can count to anything!""If I can count to two, I can count to anything!""And then the world is your mollusc!""My mollusc! What's a mollusc?
If you feel like giving up, give up on that feeling and give into the realization there are endless possibilities waiting to be discovered before you.
Turn lemons into lemonaid
When we encourage othersWith no personal motives,We raise high, very high,Humanity's progress-standard.
But I've bought a big bat.I'm all ready, you see.Now my troubles are goingTo have troubles with me!
Renewal requires opening yourself up to new ways of thinking and feeling
Night never had the last word. The dawn is always invincible.
Have strength in yourself always .think and remember not just what you should do, but also what you want to do. (Ageha , Basara, Vol. 13)
...I’ve discovered that if you want to reach yourtrue potential, it’s much more effective to ignite a new passion forlife than to dwell on past problems.
The Congresswoman was depressed by the fact that a woman of her standing could no longer count on making it to the rest room "in time" during the extensive rehabilitation that followed her shooting. Her husband, commander of a space shuttle crew, encouraged her by identifying with her limitation. Even revered astronauts, he revealed, have bodily limits and have to rely on Huggies during extended launch exercises.
I told you growing starts from the inside first, honey, and in that way, you've been growing like wildfire.
Feelings follow actions.
Ah, jeez... She really is a cheerleader.' And it seemed suddenly that this was true- not because she was an airhead or a hottie or a nonjock, but because she could throw herself so wholeheartedly into someone else's cause, because she could care so much and try so hard from the sidelines.
As Charles Stewart Parnell called out during the Irish rent strike campaign in 1879 and 1880:It is no use relying on the Government . . . . You must only rely upon your own determination . . . . Help yourselves by standing together . . . strengthen those amongst yourselves who are weak . . . , band yourselves together, organize yourselves . . . and you must win . . . When you have made this question ripe for settlement,then and not till then will it be settled.
And after and for a long time to come he'd have reason to evoke the recollection of [the strangers'] smiles and to reflect upon the good will which provoked them for it had power to protect and to confer honor and to strengthen resolve and it had the power to heal men and to bring them to safety long after all other resources were exhausted.
The noble-minded encourage what is beautiful in people and discourage what is ugly in them. Little people do just the opposite.
Observation enrich your capacity to think. Solababe
For the rest of his life, Oliver Twist remembers a single word of blessing spoken to him by another child because this word stood out so strikingly from the consistent discouragement around him.
If you complain to someone, you assume that it's someone who really cares about you.
When you want to encourage a greater sense of responsibility in others (and yourself), emphasize the anticipation of accomplishment, not the penalties for failure.
[God] disciplines us for our good, that we may share His holiness.
So Encourage Each Other and Build Each Other Up-Positive Connections.
Simply put, she was the one who had to put up with me. That she did so with love and patience and encouragement instead of strangling me, throwing my remains into a wood chipper, and then pretending she had never been married to me at all is a testament to the fact that she is, in fact, the single best person I know.
When I see you’re hurting, I want to wipe it away. When I see you doubting yourself, I want to give you the best damned pep talk in history. When you cry, I want to make you smile. When you laugh, I want to make you laugh harder. When you moan in my arms, I want to make you dissolve into a puddle. When you’re insecure about how I feel about you, I want to replace that with a proclamation that I love you so hard that I never want you to question us again.
Whoever wishes to learn, must begin with the knowledge of the Holy Bible.
You can survive any shock.
If we seek for the best times to act, we may missed some opportunities. We must seize every moment and make it great.
Your breakthrough is on the way. Don't be discouraged if things are not working out right now. God is working it all out behind the scenes. It may not come when you want, but trust that it will be right on time, because our God is an on time God.
One negative thought is the first step to failure.
I am strong... Extra-ordinarily so much more than you guys! Therefore, I am perfectly capable of kicking those titan scumbags' collective ass including on my own if I have to. Are you all such a bunch incompetents? You gutless spineless cowards. You just stay there and watch in helpless envy. Yeah, you do that. If it is (impossible), then I'll die... It's just that simple. But if I win, I get to live. You don't stand a single chance to win unless you fight.
Do not take to heart any ill-action.
Dismiss any doubt.
Use the water of encouragement on someone else's flowers - especially the flowers that are wilted, trampled on, and taken for granted. But don't nourish the weeds.
Everything's a risk. Not doing anything is a risk.
Everyone encounters trials and tribulations, No choices, so face it! Live with it! Fight for it!
We would never have gained the knowledge if it wasn’t meant to be used.” Jo was in teacher mode, and so we began to dance.
Good boy" can be canceled out the next day by "bad boy." "You're a smart girl" by "What a stupid thing to do!" "Careful" by "Careless" . . . and so on.But you can't take away the time he shoveled the whole walkway even though his arms were tired and his toes were frozen. Or the time he made the baby laugh with his goofy faces when the babysitter couldn't get her to stop crying, or found his mom's reading glasses, or figured out how to make the alarm on the cell phone stop going off when no one else could do it. These are the things he can draw upon to give himself confidence in the face of adversity and discouragement. In the past he did something he was proud of, and he has, within himself, the power to do it again.
When kids are unhappy, we don’t have to prop them up with frantic praise. It’s more helpful to say, "Ugh, you are not happy with the way that bicycle came out. It doesn't look like what you see in your head. It's not easy to draw a bike. It's hard to put something from real life onto a flat piece of paper and get it to look right.
Instead of, "Excellent work." Try, "I see you circled every single picture that begins with the letter B."Instead of, "Good job following directions."Try, "You found your spot in the circle as soon as you heard 'circle time.
Reading is a bridge from misery to hope.
when you’re winning, it makes them feel like they’re losing or, worse yet, that maybe they should’ve tried to do something too, but now it’s too late. And since they didn’t, they want to stop you. You can’t let them.
You can make anything by writing
The organized church sometimes puts boundaries on us the Bible doesn't. So I'm living my life for an audience of one. I live my life to please God. Some people won't understand, but I don't give an account to some people.
You have a say. You have to slay it in life or life will slay you.
You never know when one kind act, or one word of encouragement, can change a life forever.
Before the battle begins and the outcome has been decided, let the adversary know that you are a fearless competitor, worthy of a second opinion.
Dwelling on a disappointing situation is like walking through drying cement; eventually you will get stuck. Instead make a mental note, picked yourself up and continued living life. #forward
30 or 40 of such voluntary gentlemen would do more in a day than 100 of the rest that must be press'd to it by compulsion.
It is GOOD to cherish your yesterdays; It is BETTER to dream your tomorrows; but it is BEST to live your today's! Remember to hold fast to your dreams, for if your dreams die, then your life is like a bird with broken wings that cannot fly.
It is our job as parents, to instill principles and values in our children. So that when they depart from you, those principles and values won’t depart from them. Mallory Bullard, a street soldier from the old school.
Excellence! We all want it from others and we should want it from ourselves.
Get Fired Up About Your Life Because If You Don't Who Will?
It is important to note that a transitional phase has to be uncomfortable for you to move on to the next stage, lest procrastination stymies you.
One is always greater than hundred because without one there is no hundred
It takes only an apostrophe to make the word impossible possible according to the word itself
If you're struggling uphill; carrying your heavy load; fighting to stay afloat or battling your demons, know that you are definitely on the right path, and ascending to the place where you will one day embody the legend you seek to become.
So many people who hear of my adventure tell me they wish they could do what I'm doing. They admire me and think I have courage. They wish they could do something equally as daring in their own life. I think they give me too much credit. I'm living out the consequences of my decisions, that's all. My priorities powered this adventure. The same propellant rests inside each of them.
You’re going to make something wonderful of yourself. I promise.You’re doing just fine.
At the heart of most things that look bad is something that can be good and useful.
God never said that the journey will be easy, but he did said that the arrival will be worthwhile
Everyone is unique in their own special way.
Do not, for one more minute, spend your precious time and energy on or surround yourself with people who are less than you deserve.
Every positive attempt was as a result of encouragement, every encouragement leads to success.
The sacred soul delivers the message of life.
Humility evolves with every hardship.
If you want to encourage your spiritual leaders (and their wives!) let them know you are praying for them. Ask them periodically for any specific prayer requests and assure them you will pray accordingly. Use the following prayer guide with accompanying scriptures, to suggest practical ways to pray for those who provide spiritual leadership for the flock.
Embrace the beauty of existence.
Dare to deliver what’s in your heart.
Discover the diamonds in everyday life.
You need a new strategy for every new situation.
If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.
Relax, refresh and refocus.
Every face of life demands endurance.
Obstacles are the stepping stones to success.
Do not allow the opinions of others to oppress you.
Without overcoming the obstacles on the path, how can you get to the top of the mountain?
Endure every hardship with hope.
We're not words...we're people. Words are how others define us, but we can define ourselves any way we choose.
You don’t have to explain yourself to anyone. It’s your life, live it in whatever way is best for you.
Grateful thanks to good friends, who lifted us, when we fall.
Your hope will never be cut off.
When you are down to nothing, God and the universe are always up to something!!! Be strong in your faith, that place within you where love is found. Those powerful forces within you and with out are working it out for you! Be encouraged and know everything will be okay again soon﻿
Let's not just reach for the stars, but become the stars everyone reaches for.
your life mustn't be a closet for dirty laundry coz you will have a smelly and messy life...Yeah no matter how much you trying to clean up,the smell won't go away until you put away the "dirty laundry
Encouragement is the engine of life.
Arise and do thy sacred work.
Encouragements are persuasive words.
Good example of Love is forgiveness and to Love is to pray for ones soul not to perish
You're going to make it, you'll be ok, miracles happen every day.
We all need daily encouragement.
The opportunities far outweigh the disappointments.
You matter because you are you and there is no other person in this world who could ever take your place.
Seek to know thy higher self.
And my advice to anyone who wants to be a writer? Read a lot, listen to people’s conversations, be observant about the details of your world, and especially about human behaviour and interaction, and persist in your writing, being single-minded to the point of obsession…never give up, always believe in yourself despite all evidence to the contrary, and hold out for what you first dreamed of.
The strong spirit empowers others to be stronger souls.
It is an EVIL thing to be an expert in the weaknesses of our brothers and sisters. We need to be experts in the strengths of our brothers and sisters.
May you find the faith, hope and courage to survive life.
No one can do everything, but everyone can do something.
Everyone ought to plant a tree in their lifetime.
Great life, great deeds.Great deeds, great blessings.
Weak hearts will be strengthened, and drooping saints will be revived as they listen to our "songs of deliverance." Their doubts and fears will be rebuked, as we teach and admonish one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs.
I am a great mother.
Be greatly encouraged!
Just as books are read one word at a time, roads are taken one step at a time.
You're the loveliest you'll ever be...until tomorrow and then you will be even lovelier.
Although there are things that just tend to rub you the wrong way too! Smile and move on your choice!
He had been the pastor of Tate's church since Tate's boys were in high school--probably over ten years now. Tate thought he was a fair man with a good heart. It helped that his sermons were interesting and not fire and brimstone like the guy they'd had before him. Tate understood too well the repercussions of his sin. He went to church to hear about hope, to be encouraged. That was a thing Mitch seemed naturally born to--encouraging others.
A brother's sympathy is more precious than an angel's embassy.
He had a courtly way of exclaiming over whatever was exclaimable in people – especially kids.
The more you cry today, the more stronger and happier you'll be tomorrow.
Linked together as a team with one goal, we soon realized we were only as strong as our weakest link. But did we condemn the weaker￼member? That wouldn’t serve any purpose. Instead, the stronger guys responded by carrying more weight than the weaker teammate. Encouragement was key in reaching the top of the stadium, standing as one.Sometimes one person on your team may not be as strong as another. Strengths usually differ. Likewise, in an encounter with another, someone may have a different set of beliefs or ideas.To accomplish any goal, embracing the strengths and weaknesses of each member and compensating where necessary are the best ways to make it to the top.
Don't be soo afraid to fall, that you don't even chase for success.
Be Encouraged:The things that sometimes disqualify you in life will qualify you for God’s service.
When left holding an empty bag, fill it with dreams of honor and glory!
Chin up, and we'll drown a little slower.
I think what doesn't kill you makes you a better human being. It opens your eyes, your heart, and your mind.
There's one thing you may be sure of, Pip," said Joe, after some rumination, "namely, that lies is lies. Howsever they come, they didn't ought to come, and they come from the father of lies, and work round to the same. Don't you tell no more of 'em, Pip. That ain't the way to get out of being common, old chap. And as to being common, I don't make it out at all clear. You are oncommon in some things. You're oncommon small. Likewise you're a oncommon scholar.""No, I am ignorant and backward, Joe.""Why, see what a letter you wrote last night! Wrote in print even! I've seen letters––Ah! and from gentlefolks!––that I'll swear weren't wrote in print," said Joe."I have learnt next to nothing, Joe. You think much of me. It's only that.""Well, Pip," said Joe, "be it so or be it son't, you must be a common scholar afore you can be a oncommon one, I should hope!
Itdoes not need much wisdom to utter words of reproof; but much wisdomis needed to find such words as do not embitter a man's misfortune, butencourage him, restore to him his spirit, put spurs to the horse of hissoul, refreshed by water.
We are leashed by societal norms, defined by our willingness to conform, but limited only by our imagination.
Live life as an observer but not a spectator. Learn the rules, get in the game, break some rules. Live. Experience. There is no exhilaration to be achieved sitting on the bench.
We need to care about beauty and not just the utility of our products because people are not only rational but also emotional. We need to treat people as whole people. This means caring about purity and the emotional side of human nature, not just utility.
Hope is the belief that everything will get better, even when you don't see any indication of improvement.
people often ignore the misfortune of others, you see. The world is a heartless place but it's not always because they don't care. It's sometimes because the are embarrassed, or because they don't know what to say, or because they simply cannot beat ro look into the eyes of someone who is suffering.
Up from the ashes come the roses of success.
You can't allow the false ideas of defeat to discourage you. Every day you should feel encouraged to do your best, encouraged to be your best, and encouraged to work towards your best.
Creative people need strong encouragement.
Nature or nurture? A talent needs both.
You could have died later on, you could have died after peace had been declared. But, in any case, you were going to die.
Students would be assessed on effort rather than skill. You didn't have to be a natural athlete to do well in gym.
fortes fortuna adiuvat," Marcello had said to his men. Fortune favors the brave, the bold.
The storm you face is your teacher. The experience you gain is your lesson. The life you make from it all is your blessing. Always remember, the teacher teaches a lesson that becomes a blessing. Embrace the storm and watch your life change as you utilize the lesson. Your better days lie ahead...just hold on!
But that was the thing about courage. Sometimes you had to fake it to feel it.
Lee was a born pedagogue, never happier than when his children were learning to do something the right way. It is a testament to Lee's affection and patience that his children did not rebel. In fact, they appear to have thrived.
It is not trying that is ever going to bring us home. All this trying leads up to the vital moment at which you turn to God and say, ‘You must do this. I can't.
No matter where you once were, no matter how dark your storm, God doesn't want you to remain there. Overcoming may not be easy, but it's possible when you ask your Father to battle for you.
In life, there are dreary, empty days and there are exciting, full days. You will experience both, for you cannot choose one above the other. May your full days be many.
You are a miracle, you are a light. You are not made of our weaknesses but of your strengths. You are a masterpiece made by The Master. Don't see yourself less!
Dear God, help us to be a living example of being Christ-centered. Purify the areas in our lives where we allowed the world and enemy to gain access. Please direct us into authentic truth so that all may see You in us.
With God, there is no such thing as a lost cause.
Plan to make good choices.
Encourage anyone who is trying to improve mentally, physically, or spiritually.
Let go of a need for personal recognition. Heap kudos on others and they’ll perform even better next time. Leaders are only as good as those who follow them and followers are at their best when leaders are quick to give credit for successes.
It is through that brokenness that we find courage and strength. It is what empowers us to do great things.
I'm trying to tell MiSSSisss WaSShington about our ceremony for Father.But it takes time tomatch every noun and verb,sort all the tenses,remember all the articles,set the tone for every s.MiSSSisss WaSShington saysif every learner waitsto speak perfectly,no one would learna new language.Being stubbornwon't make you fluent.Practicing will!The more mistakes you make,the more you'll learn not to.They laugh.
A word of encouragement goes a long way.
Blessed is the man who has the gift of making friends; for it is one of God's best gifts. It involves many things, but above all, the power of going out of oneself, and seeing and appreciating whatever is noble and living in another man.
Encourage means to put courage into, and discourage is to take courage away. Don't be a courage thief.
There is no person on earth so bad that he does not have something about him that is praiseworthy. Why is it, then, that we leave the good out of sight and feast our eyes on the unclean things? It is as though we enjoyed only looking at – if you will pardon the expression – a man's behind.
We live on a world where if you run straight away, without turning, you return to your point of origin. So much energy can be saved and time, by dealing with the point, at its origin, that would make us run.
Don't stare at the past or you'll walk right by today's opportunity. Today is God's gift to you.
While he was conscious of improving at every stroke, he did not feel that the other was asserting any superiority over him; and so, though more humble than at the most disastrous period of his downward voyage, he was getting into a better temper every minute.
There is no such thing as luck. Only chance. The chance that something good might happen. The chance that something bad might happen. It is our decision to choose how we will react, respond & resurrect from each life encounter! Every situation is but the Universe offering opportunities that have the power to push each to his/her fullest potential. All things happen for a reason.
Just smile, breath, and give thanks (and there is always a reason to), because it beats the hell out of the alternative.
Don’t destroy yourself over somebody else’s foolishness. I know they betrayed you. I know they lied on you. I know they talked behind your back and told all of your business. I know they hurt you to the core. I know they turned their back on you. I know they cheated on you. I know they mislead you. I know, I KNOW. In spite of it all, you have to know that you are worth more than what they dished out to you. You will survive! You will make it through! Remember who YOU are and know YOUR self-worth!
Find the good, and praise it.
You don't need to be a scientist to know how powerful your imagination is.
You're going to act like a happy man. I know, I know. It's the hardest role in the world.
We are what we allow ourselves to become. Never settle for less than what you deserve. Keep fighting the good fight! Keep giving your all to achieve, receive and succeed
Best wishes to all the fonts in all the texts in all the books that make for a world of unfolding stories.
You will never be able to do anything of true value without Christ. Apart from Him all things are meaningless.
Almost everything I've done is technically wrong, but Paul never mentioned the mistakes, only the corrective measures.
When all has been said and done,When all the wealth has been amassed,When all the battles have been fought and won,When all the monuments have been built,All that remains is love - love for the fellow man....
Shanahan (the head coach) doesn't allow failure to take root.
The Truth is, we all get lost as we try to find our way. Perhaps the key is to stop, take a look around and enjoy the scenery as we go.
I Rather Quit from a Bad Environment regardless if it's a job or an situation that puts you on a vicious circle than blindly pressing on, ignoring the inner feeling that is inside you.Don't just say "I'll never quit", take the time to think about what you want to do in your life. And decide if you should quit or not, Do not force yourself to keep going or let people pressure to stay in a bad environment where you are not growing and developing as an person.Be your person, You will end up quitting at some point but don't quit if you decide to try another way in life
When nobody else celebrates you, learn to celebrate yourself. When nobody else compliments you, then compliment yourself. It’s not up to other people to keep you encouraged. It’s up to you. Encouragement should come from the inside.
I was made to feel I could do things. If you get this feeling early and can hold it until you're 15, you tend to never lose it.
No one can make you dwell on the past. Control your thoughts and actions! Make your own decisions! Just because someone keeps bringing up your past doesn’t mean you have to accept it --- you are not obligated to accommodate their recollections of you.
The world is what you make of it
I know you . . .That you hold insideVast possibilities and dreamsAnd limitless love.
Don't let the bonds of fear and doubt keep you from attempting the impossible. Each attempt will loosen the chains and you'll eventually break free, thus finding the 'impossible' was actually possible all along.
In the reflected gaze of his (her husband's) steady admiration, she saw the face of the girl he had fallen in love with.
When you are discouraged, do not look down. Hold your head up high and you will see the face of God shining a light into your dark place.
If you are so worried of things that can be fixed that you can't fix them. Just remember we came to this world without refactions.
The Appreciation Meditation is the first step towards allowing and encouraging your inner nature to come to the surface of your mind.
The world is what you make of it.
Love is a strange creature that no man can understand
It was typical of the American to identify the one unfinished strand.
Frankie's chief virtue in my book is the way he talks about his kids.
Encouragement is a divine awaken of the soul.
Today i am feeling proud that i have a greatest teacher. My encouragement my motivation and my leader is only one that is my teacher. From silent to talkative from dread to cheer all credit goes to teacher for their such a encouragement.
All over the world there were families deciding to care about each other and encourage one another along the paths God had given them.
A child cannot be taught by anyone who despises him, and a child cannot afford to be fooled. A child cannot be taught by anyone whose demand, essentially, is that the child repudiate his experience, and all that gives him sustenance.
Don’t quit. It’s very easy to quit during the first 10 years. Nobody cares whether you write or not, and it’s very hard to write when nobody cares one way or the other. You can’t get fired if you don’t write, and most of the time you don’t get rewarded if you do. But don’t quit.
Notice the difference: A child’s disability is the focus in traditional classroom settings, but his abilities are the focus in the homeschool environment.
Sometimes we forego things not because we do not want them but because we can't afford to raise them at the moment
A great idea always begins with unbounded inspiration.
Great people do things before they’re ready. They do things before they know they can do it.
The Gospel isn’t a life management program. It shouldn’t merely be the crutch we fall on when life gets ugly. It should be the legs we walk on, the air we breathe.
We live by encouragement and die without it -- slowly, sadly, and angrily.
God's heart…is not that we escape our lot, but that we learn to thrive in the midst of it.
Encouragement is the most effective way to change someone’s behavior. When you see the best in them you encourage them to become that and they will want to live up to your high opinion of them.
Bright light. You've always found your way.
Life is not about being complacent, its all about being competent.
Great men must go through great painThe strongest stormsThe hardest rainThe toughest climbsThe roughest terrainGreat men must go through great pain
People work harder, longer, and more creatively if they are motivated by the intrinsic pleasure of their work. Managers must do everything they can to make the value of jobs obvious and the joy in them accessible.
I suppose it's unfair, tricks of argument that leave wounds, but with this sort of thing that (C.S.) Lewis does, what I feel is a craftsman's joy at the sight of a superior performance.
I believe Innovation is more likely to emerge from a culture of encouragement.
God, who knows me by name, [is] right next to me.
Encouragement and praISE SHOULD BE ENDLESS. fAUTH BRINGS THEM TOGETHER.
There are some certain things in life we know it for sure but we need to hear it from others .. !
Teach them the quiet words of kindness, to live beyond themselves. Urge them toward excellence, drive them toward gentleness, pull them deep into yourself, pull them upward toward manhood, but softly like an angel arranging clouds. Let your spirit move through them softly.
Till we recognize what’s sick and messed up about ourselves this world is gonna stay sick and messed up.
She encouraged herself to see her very small presence in the world as a good thing, a power, something that a hero might possess.
To encourage me is to believe in me, which gives me the power to defeat dragons.
Instead of waiting for the right moment, BE the right moment. You won't be ready for anything if you aren't ready to be you.
What would you think if I told you that, yes, your bad choices and decisions have had a part in your ending up under this pier, but beyond that, under this pier is exactly where you should be in order for a future to occur that you can’t even imagine at this point?
If you can still write in spite of the fact that you're not getting paid, that nobody cares about what you're writing, that nobody wants to publish it, that everybody is telling you to do something else, and you still want to and you still enjoy it and you can't stop doing it...then you're a writer.
You won't ever know, unless you try!
I will find a way -- or make one.
Ever day is a chance given to better your yesterday and brighten your tomorrow
My dad encouraged me to quit my job and pursue the life that I am about to have. He got excited with me. He was the first one to tell me that I could do it. I am 30 years old, and I still find great power in my own dad telling me it’s possible.I still find great power in my own dad telling me I can do it.
Your words and deeds are seeds, scattered in the wind... the seeds are light or darkness... they'll break apart or mend... Sow light instead of gloom. Sow faith instead of doubt. Sow truth and love, and hope, and peace. Sow light and darkness rout.
A tiny spark ignites a flame, just as a helping hand can do the same
Throughout their lifetime, most women learn to be uncomfortable with their physical appearance. They create amask of makeup that is intended to “fix” their “imperfections.” They identify so much with this mask they reject their true beauty.Feminine Transitions encourages women to remove their masks and love their true selves, completely.
My entire life, I’ve never been able to understand the concept of not being happy or excited when others were successful or had something good happen to them. It quite honestly is a concept that I cannot grasp.
Ever day is a chance given to better your yesterday
There are times when we find ourselves pitching downwards, out of control. Yet God is always nearby...
There can be moments, when the rope we hold to, becomes a strand of thread, where we feel that we are barely hanging on but when the thread feels as though it's about to break; just know that God will never let us fall but rather, He will be there to catch us and when He does, He will carry us away, on wings of love, to a higher plateau, where evil cannot touch us.
Are you hurting? Reach beyond yourself for comfort. Beyond the scope of your visual perimeter. Are you sad? Reach beyond yourself for joy. Beyond the limitations of the temporal. Beyond the boundaries of your five physical senses.Reach out to Jesus. Reach out by faith and be made whole.
Anticipating God's blessings is a great way to begin a new week! When we look for the things that could go wrong, we just may find what we had been looking for.
Why rush through things when life should be cherished? Take a step back and see the big picture.
You are not a burden, an accident, or a mistake. You are meant for amazing things that you can't even imagine for yourself.
Cry if you must. Scream. Get it all out of your system, and then we'll have fun. It won't last forever, but it will keep you busy for tonight.
Walk away from gossip and verbal defamation. Speak only the good you know of other people and encourage others to do the same.
If instead of a gem, or even a flower, we should cast the gift of a loving thought into the heart of a friend, that would be giving as the angels give.
Sometimes life is hard. Things go wrong—in life and in love and in business and in friendship and in health and in all the other ways that life can go wrong. And when things get tough, this is what you should do: make good art. . . . Someone on the internet thinks what you’re doing is stupid or evil or it’s all been done before: make good art. Probably things will work out somehow, eventually time will take the sting away, and it doesn’t even matter. Do what only you can do best: make good art.
It's a good thing to see that people can heal after they've been broken, that they can change and become something different from what they were before.
God does not comfort us to make us comfortable, but to make us comforters.
It's lonely to say goodbye. Very lonely. Partings are the beginnings of new meetings. Beginnings happen because there are endings…Meetings. Beginnings. It's not too late…to believe in them after the fact.
We can change the world one thought at a time, one child at a time, one family at a time, one community at a time, one city, one state and one country at a time.
We give up our power to the very people who took it away from us in the first place.
I wrote in my journal about how good I felt when I was not living under Ed’s control. Then, when I really felt like giving up, I read these pages and realized that I was striving for in recovery was a real possibility. I thought about these experiences and used them as encouragement to keep moving forward. Even one minute of freedom was proof that I was getting better. At first, these times were few and far between. Now, these moments are connected; they are my life
Let us revolt against the nightmare, and work together for a kinder world.
Let the change begin with your choices this very moment.
There is one type of gambling which should always be encouraged. It is betting on goodness. When a person has wronged you, be good to him. If he adds insult to injury, double the bet. And keep on doubling it. You will surely win!
Soil, blood, seed- Let me draw strength from you. let it be enough.
We will see every human beings as Christ and we will help Hindus to be better Hindus, Muslims to be better Muslims, and Christians to be better Christians"(Mother Teresa).
The pursuit of joy in God is not optional. It is not an “extra” that a person might grow into after he comes to faith. It is not simply a way to “enhance” your walk with the Lord. Until your heart has hit upon this pursuit, your “faith” cannot please God. It is not saving faith. Saving faith is the confidence that if you sell all you have and forsake all sinful pleasures, the hidden treasure of holy joy will satisfy your deepest desires. Saving faith is the heartfelt conviction not only that Christ is reliable, but also that He is desirable. It is the confidence that He will come through with His promises and that what He promises is more to be desired than all the world.
I don't need encouraging. I do well enough on my own.
It's faith that will take you through and determination that will drive you.
God uses people to help others. I only pray my faith is strong enough to get me through what I have to face.
Never judge yourself so harshly that you never arise from the ashes of life.
This obsession is a curious thing. Sometimes wonder about the merits of devoting so much of myself to a singular climbing objective. Much of the time it beats me down, leaves me hanging my head in despair. But then there are the moments that bring me to life. When excitement wells up inside my chest in a way that doesn’t happen in every day life. Today my fingertips were cracked and bleeding. I made no progress despite great conditions. Now I am on the ground and can hardly contain my excitement to get back on the wall. It’s a crazy rollercoaster and I owe my family and partners a great deal for encouraging me through it all.
Sometimes we have to inspire and encourage ourselves, through our personal narrative. And we start with what we know.
On Lee as commander: "He had a cheerful dignity and could praise them (his men) without seeming to court their favor.
There is no lifeguard on duty. We each swim at our own risk during this short journey." ~ Lisa Fantino/Amalfi Blue
I was angry at God until I came to understand that it isn't God's fault when people mistreat me. I still have my doubts at times, but I try to remember that God has given them the same free will that He's given me.
ALL EXCUSES must be FOUGHT by taking ACTION against the THOUGHT. ~ Author Mammy Oaklee
A little knee time first thing in the day keeps u standing all day!
Josiah became King of Judah at the age of eight. Joan of Arc led the French Army at nineteen. King Tut led all of Egypt at age nine. Age isn't everything you think it is. Your heart and your spirit speak more than a simple candle count on your birthday cake. ~Tony (Exposing ELE)
There's no heaven on earth. God would have to guide her through the problems.
I think you'll be a great teacher," said Gary. That's his role in my life: blind encourager and ambassador of false senses of security.
We listened, as all boys in their better moods will listen (ay, and men too for the matter of that), to a man whom we felt to be, with all his heart and soul and strength, striving against whatever was mean and unmanly and unrighteous in our little world. It was not the cold, clear voice of one giving advice and warning from serene heights to those who were struggling and sinning below, but the warm, living voice of one who was fighting for us and by our sides, and calling on us to help him and ourselves and one another.
Nothing was being done to help the non-dopers, to encourage or support them. Even the clean riders like myself and Moncout knew how easy it was to cheat the tests.
Do you consider yourself a blessing or just another person?
If it doesn't challenge you, it will not change you.
Always be true to yourself and follow your dreams!
The seeds of greatness are sown in ordinary soil.
Indeed, God is always with us even when things look hopeless.
I knew how far a little boy or girl could run with 50 words of reassurance.
Mindfulness allows you to face the past with courage, whether it is scarred with pain or caressed with joy, and it gently holds you in the safe haven of the present without allowing you to become overwhelmed with what may or may not be waiting in the future.
We are Living in the Last Chapters of Life... Find Your Purpose and make it the Best Story possible.
Courage, the original definition of courage, when it first came into the English language — it’s from the Latin word cor, meaning heart — and the original definition was to tell the story of who you are with your whole heart.
I am only a peasant by position, not by nature!
Discovery requires courage and acceptance that we are not in control, and that the future is uncertain.
Look back, but never look down.
Be original and don’t be afraid to stand out. Never downplay your capabilities. Everybody won’t believe in you and everybody won’t rejoice with you, and that’s quite alright. Self-motivation, self-love, and self-determination will guide you through. ALWAYS believe in yourself because that’s what truly matters most.
If you focus on all that you could have been it will never be... but if you focus on who you are and what's ahead you will always become.
I'm not just building a foundation or a house with the bricks people throw at me. I'm building entire worlds. it's called writing.
Christine taught her that the world you inherited didn’t have to be the world you left behind. Nothing was pre-determined. Not even No Man’s Land.
Sometimes singed wings will fly with greater purpose.
Earnestly and persistently pursue your dreams.
So, you’ve failed many times at many things. That’s okay! Learn, grow, and move forward. With the right attitude and mindset, you can learn a lot from failure. Pay attention and keep on striving! You’ve got this!
Never be afraid to offer a smile; sure the risk is that a few foolish people may misinterpret your kindness as weakness, but the reward in their error be that at least they cannot blame you because you did show your teeth.
...nobody can protect anybody else from vileness. Or from pain. All you can do is not let it break you in half and keep on going until you get to the other side.
For a writer, I'm not sure that feeling of knowing you've just written something good and strong can be trumped. Not because it means I did something right. But because it proves how many wrongs I pushed through to get there.
A man who aspires to rise above the mediocre, to be something more than the ordinary, surely deserves admiration, even if he fails and loses a fortune on account of his ambitions(...)if one has failed only where others have not had the courage or will to try, there is consolation - indeed, deep satisfaction - to be gained from his observation when looking back over one's life.#Page no.134
What is courage without risk... It wouldn’t really be courage, would it?
It was more important for me to try, than to not have the chance at all.
You can't do what you want to, so just do what you have to.
It's an unfortunate fact that I'm easily discouraged. But the fortunate truth is I'm stubborn as hell and near impossible to sway in my resolve.
I’d go to hell and back and cut off the devil’s head myself to save you.
. . . . I cannot escape my life but can only use my determination and courage to make it the best I can.
Hang on! Don’t give up.
Keep dreaming big. You have a great glorious future.
Every action in the present defines future possibilities.
Be fueled by the opportunities of today. Do not be passive in your life. Be courageous in driving forward in this journey of life. I know people will try to push you back. I know life will challenge you to find refuge in the past. I know the present induces fear. Do not be fooled into backwards living. Be courageous enough to keep moving forward.
I’ve had the kind of bad day no quote can fix.
You may think you've hit rock bottom in your life but guess what—there's more crud underneath those rocks.
Fear can only be mastered outside of your comfort zone.
Never allow your head to be buried in the grave of the fearful, mediocrity, and purposeless. Get up and begin to produce something great with your life. Stand out and stand tall.
In order to soar like an eagle one has to be bold like a lion.
If God give you strength and courage, don't use it to intimidate people or overpower them, rather use your gift to help others find their own way to strength.
Fear is contagious. Fortunately, so is courage. Learning to become fearless will touch everyone around you, and best of all, you'll find it's a gift that keeps on giving.
What a tremendous power one needs to become his own master!
I didn’t say a word. He wouldn’t be using oxygen. K2 is more dangerous than Everest.
The taste death cannot comes from the recipy of cowerdness.
If a man isn't willing to take some risk for his opinions, either his opinions are no good or he's no good
There comes a time for us not to just be survivors, but to be warriors. Yara, you have your life, and the chance to make the most of it. Don't run or hide from that challenge or let your guilt keep you from living your life. This gift is such a beautiful opportunity. Embrace it. Seize every opportunity from here on out. Live.
If she is to love life and freedom and be brave then she must learn to let go. To see beauty without clinging to it, to feel pain without holding it hostage, and to feel love without worry of losing it.
The doors to parenthood are accessible to all who know the codes and have the right keys.
Life is too short to cower.
The Earth was singing her revolution. She was calling her brave men and women to her defense.
So I forced myself to step out of my comfort zone and go out and connect with people. I realised that no one knew me here. I could become whoever I wanted to be for these people, and that became my courage.
Words are words. People add meaning to words. Information is information. With words people add value to information. Words breathe life into information. Words move mountains of information.Words are action. Momentum for living evolves from pursuit of deeper, wider and higher significance, utility and value of words. Words we sow, nourish and harvest feed hungry minds and hearts. Gathered words strengthen, ignite and release us. Words identify, signify and proclaim our individuality. Words pronounce a purposeful life’s choices.With wisdom, courage and patience we must choose high-performing words for long-term relationships. Chosen words become soul mates.
there are two spiritual tests: The patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be diappointed to what you have encounter.
Grant me the wisdom to know when to keep trying and when to stop wasting time, the patience to keep going with the 1st, and the courage & serenity to let go of the 2nd.
I'm a lover not a fighter. But when I have to fight, I fight to win. There cannot be another outcome.
No matter how much you try, succeed, achieve, give, love, care or share, there will always be that one person who needs to bring you down. So, hold your head high and know you have done it and nobody can take that away.
Life's too short. Live with more courage. Give and receive from the heart. Inspire your world.
My mentors inspired and encourage to fulfill my highest potential.
Don't let your fear hold you back, Jaz.” - Alf Abrahamsen
When you learn to talk people up, you will never talk yourself down.
My courage is faith--faith in the eternal resilience of me--that joy'll come back, and hope and spontaneity. And I feel that till it does I've got to keep my lips shut and my chin high and my eyes wide--not necessarily any silly smiling. Oh, I've been through hell without a whine quite often--and the female hell is deadlier than the male.
Cometh the hour, cometh the man.
Any church that is overly emphasizing the role of miracles is encouraging his members to be indolent.
Any church that over emphasises miracles is encouraging laziness.
So what if you believe it can’t be done. Stop trying to prevent those who do believe from reaching for the stars.
Jump and let's build our wings on the way down
Fear is the freaky troll under the bridge that leads to achievement.
Black,The death of an old habit in order for anew journey to start. The dark cloudsdisappeared, chased away by the brilliant shine of your smile. So that I had the courage to be me once again…~Riley
See the stars, Lily?"She sighed, surrendering. "Of course.""Do you think they can see the sun coming up?""I don't know. Probably?""Do you think they're scared?""They're burning balls of gas, Calder.""Oh, c'mon. Where's the poet in you?"She exhaled, and I sensed her smile. "I see. Well, in that case, yes. They've finally come home. They are triumphant in their midnight kingdom. But the enemy approaches. They have the numbers on their side, but the enemy is bigger, stronger, with a history of winning that goes back to the dawn of time. They're definitvely terrified."I nodded. She understood my analogy."But they don't run, Calder.
The steeper the climb, the more incentive to reach the top.Even in the midst of the darkness, there is always a shard of light if we will but search for it hard enough and believe in it strongly enough.A name portrays the nature of its wearer. The meaning of a name, however, portrays the trueness of its wearer in depths that very few ever come to comprehend.May God bless you and keep you and give you peace in all that you do, and may we rest assured of this: that though we travel far apart and in many different directions and for long periods of time, we will meet again, if not in this lifetime, then in eternity, and there we will never have to say ‘good-bye’ again.Courage is not found in lacking fear, courage is found in not allowing your fear to rule you.Courage is really just facing fear.Do not put too much stock in the stars my boy, they are fickle and distant and do not affect the lives of men by very great a margin.
If ever the adventure proves tiring, or you lose sight of your dream, look to the west at sunset. There, on days when the skies are clear, you might see upon the horizon a thin layer of amber mist. When it appears, you will know its purpose: it is the mist of believing.
I have to keep facing the darkness. If I stand tall and face the thing I fear, I have a chance to conquer it. If I just keep dodging and hiding it will conquer me.
...I've learned that doing what you think is right doesn't always make you feel good. For another, I've learned that sometimes you just have to keep on going when you want to do nothing but drop. And that just doing the everyday things, like keeping a shop running or getting up every morning, will keep the work going until things can straighten out again. And doing those things right every day soon becomes more important than the more pressing issues of the time.
Survival often demands our courage.
I, personally, have resolved never to display weakness, to be always strong and firm and forthright, to show neither fear nor uncertainty-- no matter how fearful and uncertain I may be inside; I see no other way to survive this ordeal.
He glanced at James before continuing. “If you're going to survive this, the first rule you need to learn is never count on anyone but yourself. Never. People make mistakes, and the zombies are fast. They don't need to sleep or eat anything but us. Don't leave your protection in the hands of someone else.
He didn't mince words. “Anyone that wants to live, get in.” His voice was deep and powerful, matching the promise his body made. He was confident and self-assured, the kind of man you wanted in your corner when the monsters came knocking. With his arrival, our chance of survival had just shot up exponentially.
They forget that we, too, have earned the right to live! So I say if we are going to die, my friend, let us die trying, not sitting.
Now, because we have spent so many years convincing the younger people that we are helpless, they believe that we are no longer of use to this world.
Do not be discourage by people who reject your true purpose. Do not stop because of anxiety; stop because you are done with the mission! Don't ever be down by the susurrant call of the masses to stop, halt or abort your true purpose when you are convinced within your innermost man of how true your purpose is. A true purpose is mostly rejected, spat upon and seen as an unworthy cause by the masses until they come to a later realization of how true it is and then they accept, celebrate and enjoy it.
Be not be discourage by the rejections. Do not stop because of anxiety; stop because you are done with the mission! Be not be down by the susurrant call of the masses to stop, halt or abort your true purpose when you are convinced within your innermost man of how true your purpose is. A true purpose is mostly to a greater extent rejected, spat upon and seen as unworthy cause by the masses until they come to a later realization of how true it is to be accepted
I always claimed I became the Batman to fight crime. That was a lie. I did it to overcome the fear.
Excessive caution destroys the soul and the heart, because living is an act of courage, and an act of courage is always an act of love.
Smartphones are tools which fools fiddle with when they are around people that they don’t have the courage, or, the intellect, to converse with.
Okay, so anagrams. That’s one. Got any other charming talents?” she asked, and now he felt confident.Finally, Colin turned to her, gathering in his gut the slim measure of courage available to him, and said, “Well, I’m a fair kisser.
The far we can see, we are! It is time we lifted our eyes beyond the horizon of our present boundaries and see goodies ahead of us.
The only honorable, desirable kind of fear that shouldn't be feared is the fear of harm on a loved one. It's the kind of fear that leads to self-sacrifice and the kind of fear where you would truly jump in front of a bus to save another.
Open up your eyes for me people, the prophecies are true and the beast is real.
I am just going outside and may be some time." Reportedly the last words of Lawrence Oates according to Captain Robert Falcon Scott, who commanded the ill-fated expedition to the South Pole 1911/12.
I am a happy soul, despite all life challenges.
When you are walking on water it is fear, not sharks, that sinks you.
Encourage many,enlighten many,and you will empower many.
JUST BECAUSE ANYONE CAN, DOESN'T MEAN EVERYONE SHOULD (Mrs. Peters to Conner Bailey)
Just because ANYONE CAN, DOESN'T MEAN EVERYONE CAN.
Your greatest competence are your courage and confident.
Everything that looks like a loss may be an extraordinary, successful life waiting to explode.
Her feelings of fear and helplessness had reached such a pitch that they were suddenly transformed into their opposites. Having overcome them, she felt corageous and self-confident enough to tackle any power on earth; more precisely, she had ceased to worry about herself.
No human being should be maltreated under any circumstances. We are all wonderful creation of God. May we affectionately love one another.
Making a dream come true is like taking control of an airplane high up in the stratosphere and landing it safely on the ground – a measure of forethought, skill and courage is definitely required.
Great people will always be mocked by those who feel smaller than them. Yet a lion does not flinch at laughter coming from a hyena. A gorilla does not budge from a banana thrown at it by a monkey. A nightingale does not stop singing its beautiful song at the intrusion of an annoying woodpecker. Whenever you should question your self-worth, always remember the lotus flower. Even though it plunges to life from beneath the mud, it does not allow the dirt that surrounds it to affect its growth or beauty. Do not allow any negativity or ugliness in your surroundings destroy your confidence or affect your growth. Always be confident and courageous with your truths and the directions set out by your heart. It is very normal for one ugly weed to not want to stand alone.
The human heart is the first home of democracy. It is where we embrace our questions. Can we be equitable? Can we be generous? Can we listen with our whole beings, not just our minds, and offer our attention rather than our opinions? And do we have enough resolve in our hearts to act courageously, relentlessly, without giving up--ever--trusting our fellow citizens to join with us in our determined pursuit of a living democracy?
The race may be rough and tough, hard and hash, rude and crude, but only the pure and tough comes out clean and victorious
You will never know how courageous you are until you are willing to leave your comfort zone to leap into the unknown.
Never be defined by what has happened to you in the past, it was just a life lesson, not a life sentence. ~ Donald Pillai
Whatever you are going through, it will not last. I promise you. You are not going to stay there. Tell yourself, “I am not staying here. It is just a season.” Seasons change.
One thing is for sure, we can’t be powerful and pitiful at the same time.
You shall not be afraid to hear bad news. God will strengthen you.
You are strong enough to overcome the situation!
Never lose hope.Never lose faith.
Lord I am willing to walk with you, take my hand.
Be strong and courageous. Fear not! God will grant you the strength to overcome any adversity.
Hope is strong faith.
In the race of life, you need self confidence, courage and faith in your abilities to win the race.
Sprinkled in with the beauty and joy of life will be storms. These storms will require you to anchor yourself to your faith until your rainbow arrives.
I'd rather be the one making mistakes than the one laughing at someone making mistakes, for that laughing person is a wimp." ~ Denise Mansfield Bradberry.
Bravery breaks barriers
Bravery in a fictional character is one thing--it's easy to imagine and easy to write. Bravery in real life offers many challenges. We want to believe we will be brave if a situation requires us to. But if we over-think it, we will certainly fail. One simply needs to act toward the best possible result rather than to ponder all of the possibilities.
Keep calm. You have the forest in your blood.
Women have their own braveries, their own mighty courageousness that is of woman, and not to be compared with the courage shown by man.
Life is short and you die at the end of it. But everyone wants to have a sense of purpose for their life no matter how long or short that life is. There is no greater purpose than to have the courage to be a member of one's country's military and thus to stand in the gap to defend that country's way of life. Particularly in the USA God is with each soldier, sailor, air[wo]man, and all Americans should be respectful and humbled by the fact that fellow Americans are willing to stand in the gap for us, those they leave behind, in times of war and cold war.
You do realize that you are addressing the emperor of the Crescent Empire.""And you are addressing a free woman of the desert. You are not my emperor. Therefore, I am your equal.
If you're wrestling with some sort of decision, reflect for a moment and ask yourself, Am I being brave, or am I being safe? In the end, it depends on whether we think God can be trusted.
I will tell you something my father once told me. The difference between a brave man and a coward is very simple. It is a problem of love. A coward loves only himself … The brave man loves other men first and himself last. (From Meyer's The Son)
The fact is, when people choose to be brave instead of smart, their courage is generally so threatening to those who are smart rather than brave that they end up being maligned, not congratulated. This is what the Bible says we can expect.
I just had to find the courage to take that first step.
I feel the fear, but I walk fast toward it.
As long as we know what it's about, then we can have the courage to go wherever we are asked to go, even if we fear that the road may take us through danger and pain.
Yet though I must lose my life, fear shall never make me change colour.
...with a strong strong glow of courage, drank off the potion.
I don’t for a moment think I am any braver or better than anybody else. This is how I attempt to explain what gives me the strength to do what I do; when that thunderbolt of an idea first hit me and inspired me to row across oceans, it filled me with a sense of purpose so strong that it overcame my fears. Even when boredom, frustration, fatigue or despair threatened to overwhelm me, it was that powerful sense of purpose that kept me going.
Don't you know Poole, you and I are about to place ourselves in a position of some peril?
Until that moment she had never thought she could do it. Never thought she would be brave enough or scared enough, or desperate enough to dare.
Pulling through is what people do around here. There is a kind of bravery in their lives that isn’t bravery at all. It is automatic, unflinching, a mix of man and machine, consuming and unquestionable obligation meeting illness move for move in a giant even-steven game of chess – an unending round of something that looks like shadowboxing, though between love and death, which is the shadow? “Everyone admires us for our courage,” says one man. “They have no idea what they’re talking about.”“Courage requires options,” the man adds.“There are options,” says a woman with a thick suede headband. “You could give up. You could fall apart.”“No you can’t. Nobody does. I’ve never seen it,” says the man. “Well, not really fall apart.
But as you get older, your courage attracts gunk and crusty things and dirt and fear and knowing how bad things can get and what pain feels like. By the time you're half-grown, your courage barely moves at all, it's so grunged up with living. So every once in a while, you have to scrub it up and get the works going or else you'll never be brave again. Unfortunately, there are not so many facilities in the world that proveide the kind of services we do. So most people go around with grimy machinery, when all it would take is a bit of spit and polish to make them paladins once more, bold knights and true.
Greater love hath no man then this, that a man lay down his life for his friends
Did I have the courage to forge a path
My goal is not to frighten you. My goal is to make you fight your fears.
Whatever may happen, it must be of new hope or of new courage to me!
You are guilty of no evil, Ransom of Thulcandra, except a little fearfulness. For that, the journey you go on is your pain, and perhaps your cure: for you must be either mad or brave before it is ended.
You might just be the craziest person I've ever know, but you're also the bravest. - Marcus
It takes bravery to recognize where in your life you are your own poison... it takes courage to do something about it.
Adding kidney beans to his cottage cheese and pineapple was an act of bravery Dave had not intended.
Many have stood their ground and faced the darkness when it comes for them. Fewer come for the darkness and force it to face them.
After doing this work or the past twelve years and watching scarcity ride roughshod over our families, organizations, and communities, I'd say the one thing we have in common is that we're sick of feeling afraid. we want to dare greatly. We're tired of the national conversation centering on "What should we fear" and "Who should we blame?" We all want to be brave.
He who fights with guns and knives is a coward! For how easy is it to kill with the single pull of a trigger? And how does human flesh stand to a sharpened metal? Even an idiot can kill with a gun and a knife! A man needs no courage at all to stand behind these things that make him feel invincible and bigger than he ever will be! I don't say that no one should fight! Because battles must be fought, and wars will always be won! But let those who fight, fight with bare hands! The measure of true strength! With his hands and feet and nothing but! The country with truly strong men is able to have soldiers that need not a knife, that need no guns! And if you can soar even higher than that; fight with your pens! Let us all write! And see the substance of the man through his philosophies and through his beliefs! And let one philosophy outdo another! Let one belief outlast another! And let this be how we determine the outcome of a war!
Bravery and Stupidity are the same thing, the outcome determines your label.
But think about it. We’ve tried for over twenty years to do everything right, to save our money, to pay our bills, to raise our kid, and to live within the law. We’ve done everything the right way, at least to the best of our ability.” Rick grabbed her hand. “But that’s not enough. That guy is right about at least that much. He’s giving us a chance to do something that will lash out, and he’s willing to pay for it. I can see the sincerity all over his face. He’s not trying to con us. He just wants an ally, a foot soldier.” “Why you?” Renee asked bluntly. “Is it that hard to find someone crazy enough to do something that extreme?” She caught herself and started laughing. “Maybe it is.
I'll get there, if I leave everything but my bones behind," said Sam. "And I'll carry Mr. Frodo up myself, if it breaks my back and heart.
She kept walking. The very small, brave part of her brain knew that this would be her one chance. If she turned around, she would lose it.
Lena, listen to me, okay? We don't have much more time here. You are in love. I've never seen anything like this before. You have to be brave, okay? You have to go and tell Kostos how you feel. I swear to God if you don't, you will regret it for the rest of your cowardly life.''What if he doesn't like me back?''That's what I mean about being brave.
He who is a firstling is ever sacrificed.
This is the way to get ideas: never to let adverse circumstances discourage you, but to believe there is a way out of every difficulty, which may be found by earnest though.
This was the mark of an uncommon soldier, someone whose courage away from the battlefield was the same as that on it.
We Americans have many grave problems to solve, many threatening evils to fight, and many deeds to do, if, as we hope and believe, we have the wisdom, the strength, and the courage and the virtue to do them. But we must face facts as they are. We must neither surrender ourselves to a foolish optimism, nor succumb to a timid and ignoble pessimism.
You are unique with special skills for a specific mission on earth.
When the fear of failure triumphs over the repugnance of mediocrity, we must resign ourselves to the status quo. Every change, every opportunity to do something different will send us running to hide beneath a cover of excuses and complacency. Those few courageous souls who delve into the lands where they risk failure, will be soundly ridiculed. They will be condemned not because they dream, but rather for making their dreams real and destroying the illusion that all that can be thought has been thought, all that can be done has been done, and all that can be felt has been felt. In their enthusiastic insolence, they see life filled with infinite possibilities and they know they must chart their own course, even if they must go alone.
I used to think a drug addict was someone who lived on the far edges of society. Wild-eyed, shaven-headed and living in a filthy squat.That was until I became one...
True artists unburden their envies and work toward encouraging amateurs.
It would be a word of empowerment, imagine every word coming from your mouth with a true desire to offer help to people knowing they are themselves powerful but need upliftment sometimes.
Integrity is the ability to stand by an idea.
Nietzsche, an infinitely harder and more courageous intellect, was incapable of any such confusion of ideas; he seldom allowed sentimentality to turn him from the glaring fact.
Ideas combined with courage can change the world.
If we spend our days trying to avoid the landmines of stepping out of God's will, then will be afraid to take any risks for his kingdom. But when you know there is a net of grace, when you know that God will catch you and set you back on his path when you fall, then you'll feel the freedom to pursue the adventure that kingdom living is all about.
The man who goes to the top is the man who has something to say and says it when circumstances warrant. Men who keep silent underdressed are moral cowards.
In any situation you have the choice to stay positive and embrace it with courage, faith, and hope.
Be happy with yourself to encourage others.
We must be courageous yet humble and do what is right not what will make you popular,
I am writing just to inspire you, encourage you, empower you, and give you hope when you are fighting your life's battle.
Make it your mission to encourage everyone who crosses your path.
You just stood up to your mother.... I should think now you could take on the world.
Resist men who tell you your dreams are impossible; embrace those who, even though they do not believe in them, encourage you.
Every day is a new day to hope, dream and try again.
Chasing your dreams with all your strength.
The hope of today is the dream of a brighter tomorrow.
Dream your dreams and go all out there to achieve it.
Be optimistic and enthusiastic about your dreams.
It is possible to get what you want in life, you must work for it.
Courage has no age.
Notice the people you encounter in this life.
To progress isn’t a little step, it’s a pretty dramatic lifestyle change.
So what if you're scared spitless? So what if you're intimidated, insecure or inundated with doubt? If it's the thing that will advance you, do it anyway. Forward movement always begins with an inward decision.
Never restart a journey and use the same road that failed you before.
One might say my life has been tragic. Yet, as I sat in pain in the hospital I raised my tired hands toward the sky, palms facing in, fingers spread, and I gave thanks.
Spend sunny afternoons writing. Take weekends in the country. Dream. Drink good wine, eat fabulous cheese and great bread. Make the kind of love that destroys the bed.
Dear Little Children, don't ever give up on your dreams.
I could impart excitement, but not urgency. – Francis Chen
Don't let the meanies get you down.
Be strong and courageous to take risks.Without trying and taking risks, you will miss great opportunities in life.
Lollipops and raindropsSunflowers and sun-kissed daisiesRolling surf and raging seaSailing ships and submarinesOld Glory and “purple mountain’s majesty”Screaming guitar and lilting rhymeFlight of fancy and high-steppin’ dancesSet free my mind to wander…Imagine the ant’s marching journeys.Fly, in my mind’s eye, on butterfly wings.Roam the distant depths of space.Unfurl tall sails and cross the ocean.Pictures made just to enthrallCreating images from my truthPainting hopes and dreams on my canvasCapturing, through my lens, the ephemeralLet me ruminate ‘pon sensual darkness…Tremble o’er Hollywood’s fluttering Gothics…Ride the edge of my seat with the hero…Weep with the heroine’s desperation.Yet… more than all these things…Give me words spun out masterfully…Terms set out in meter and rhyme…Phrases bent to rattle the soul…Prose that always miraculously inspires me!The trill runs up my spine, as I recall…A touch… a caress…a whispered kiss…Ebony eyes embracing my soul…Two souls united in beat of hearts.A butterfly flutter in my wombMy lover’s wonder o’er my swellingThe testament of our love given lifeNewly laid in my lover’s armsLuminous, sweet ebony eyesJust so much like his father’sA gaze of wonder and contentmentFrom my babe at mother’s breastWords of the Divine set down for meFaith, Hope, Love, and CharityGrace, Mercy, and undeserved Salvation“My Shepherd will supply my need”These are the things that inspire me.
A man who was aware that there could be no honor and yet had honor, who knew the sophistry of courage and yet was brave.
My Strength, My Portion, My Life is found in the overwhelming love of God by, in, and through Christ Jesus!
Consequences need not be the obstacles that I dread, but the direction that I need.
For some folks fate has set countless falls and a fewer loves. If they farewell faith, then, farewell their chance of lifelong happiness.
Don’t be tossed away by your monkey mind. You say you want to do something—“I really want to be a writer”—then that little voice comes along, “but I might not make enough money as a writer.” “Oh, okay, then I won’t write.” That’s being tossed away. These little voices are constantly going to be nagging us. If you make a decision to do something, you do it. Don’t be tossed away. But part of not being tossed away is understanding your mind, not believing it so much when it comes up with all these objections and then loads you with all these insecurities and reasons not to do something.
Dreaming is risky. While only some dreams can put you at physical risk, all dreams require that you take an emotional risk. By their nature, dreams create a gap between your present reality and the reality you want to have, causing you to question whether you can bridge that gap. This risk alone can be so daunting for people that they prefer to leave their dreams in their childhood or buried away beneath layers of fear, doubt, and resignation. That’s why dreaming bigger dreams takes courage; it means risking the possibility that your dreams will not come true.
God has given every man incomparably great power to reach the highest calling in life.
Write what you know. Write what you can't forget. Write to give yourself courage and others hope.
That moment when your sitting there thinking after a silent cry with tears drying on your cheeks of all that has happen and you feel like something has just sucked every bit of energy and strength out of you and wonder how you will move forward .
Like your tastebuds, desires and goals are ever-changing. What used to work, might not do it for you anymore. The question is: Do you have the guts to do something about it?
High expectations I have. In hardness I labor that, fuller joy at the top I may partake. Nevertheless, in vain I toil. And then, friends'and people's reproach I become, because of my drowning hopes that keeps me out of the circle of richies and honor. I'm the distance they keep like plague, because I have no physical wealth and glamour like them. But in all my stony falls and griefs, the word of restoration in the blood given to me upon the altar of salvation, I cling. For in the end, mercy will attend my situation and see to my hard labor with crown of great success.
True courage is in facing damger when you are afraid.
Courage is the antidote to danger.
It was always exciting, but it was also always dangerous. And fear takes a toll finally: when you live in danger from moment to moment, the constant tension becomes very wearying. Every step I took on the roads of Gelderland was nerve-wracking, because I was secretly carrying the very material that could turn out to be my own death warrant.
They looked at each other. They weren't thinking anymore. The time for that had come and gone. Smashed smiles lay ahead of them. But that would be later. Lay Ter.
The best to know is to face it, take a next step toward it.
We need courage to take ourselves seriously, to look closely and without flinching, to regard the things that frighten us in life and art with wonder.
It takes courage to violate expectations, but sometimes the reward is a new level of success.
God willing, we shall this day meet that old enemyWho has give us so many a good beating.Thank God we have a cause worth fighting for,And a cause worth losing and a good song to sing.
The notion of there being something greater than humanity can strike fear in the bravest of soldiers and cradle courage in the palm of a child’s hand.
That paper--it sits there, open at the employment section. It sits there like a war, and each small advertisement is another trench for a person to dive into. To hope and fight in.
The color of defeat chokes her pupils, even though her nod and smile and uncomfortable sitting motion on the couch indicate that she is not finished yet. She will carry on, like all of us. Smile stubborn. Smile with instinct, then lick your wounds in the darkest of corners. Trace the scars back to your own fingers and remember them.
Penguins don't waste their time trying to fly. They’re unique. They know they were built for the water.
I have come to learn, that when people of money and power organize to set upon to break a person they seek to silence, and the person seems but a shadow of what they were, under the endless barrage, in the end when laid to rest, the dignity, compassion and presence of the person somehow endures, and their words awaken to speak clearer than before.As if torches ignite, when their flame is gone,and the light of their truth,Is brilliantly lit and once more born.
Publish a book before you’re too old to read it without glasses.
Instead of narrowing our allegiances to only include our favored nation, let us sing an anthem to the marvelous human being.
If you truly love someone, have the faith to 'let them go.' Encourage them to be the fullest measure of themselves, and you will be overwhelmed by the love that your spouse returns to you.
The man of courage thinks not of himself. Help the oppressed and put thy trust in God.
It's tougher to look than to leap.
I'm proud of you. You could have run away, but you didn't. That's what most of us do when we have to face a giant.
As I’ve been telling your, son, you get nowhere looking at clothes and the color of the skin to judge a man. It won’t tell you nothing about what’s inside. That’s where a fellow’s mettle is, and that’s what counts.
You have to learn the difference between a man’s looks, and how fine he shoots. They’ve never been one and the same.
Good men don't become legends," he said quietly."Good men don't need to become legends." She opened her eyes, looking up at him. "They just do what's right anyway.
...Feel no fear before the multitude of men, do not run in panic,but let each man bear his shield straight toward the fore-fighters,regarding his own life as hateful and holding the dark spirits of death as dear as the radiance of the sun.
Courage treats the weak better than fear treats the strong.
Arise and pursue your dreams.
Truth and the breastplate of righteousness—being right with God— strengthen us in all our endeavors. We need the shoes of preparation on any of life’s fields, along with the shield of faith—like football pads— to protect against the enemy’s attacks. The helmet of salvation, like a football helmet, also keeps us safe.Praying each day and putting on the full armor of God will help us gain an automatic first down—a deeper connection in God’s zone— and a sure win on any playing field.
We can not escape tragic roads. It is like grasping at the sun & trying to catch air. We must take one step at-a-time. Keep going.
How your heart can possibly find a way to love and trust a man again proves that I've fallen in love with the bravest woman I've ever known. I know how much courage it took for you to allow me in after what your father did to you. And I swear I will spend every last breath thanking you for allowing yourself to love me. Thank you so much for loving me, Linden Sky Hope.
If you can find just one place of pleasure within, than you can find the courage to persist.
I wrote this book for the ghosts, who, because they're outside of time, are the only ones with time. After the last rereading (just now), I realize that time isn't the only thing that matters, time isn't the only source of terror. Pleasure can be terrifying too, and so can courage.
They say though that we do more to avoid pain than we do to gain pleasure. So it is when the pain becomes too much that we finally find the courage to make changes.
Never put your trust in men. You will be disappointed. In any situation, ask yourself, “What can I do for myself to overcome the situation”.
Do the work in your unique style.
Hope is a motivation for pressing ahead, a sustained effort and a joy that the promised will be fulfilled at the right time.
It is possible to rise above any adversity.
Hope is a joyful soul.
There have been ample opportunities since 1945 to show that material superiority in war is not enough if the will to fight is lacking. In Algeria, Vietnam and Afghanistan the balance of economic and military strength lay overwhelmingly on the side of France, the United States, and the Soviet Union, but the will to win was slowly eroded. Troops became demoralised and brutalised. Even a political solution was abandoned. In all three cases the greater power withdrew. The Second World War was an altogether different conflict, but the will to win was every bit as important - indeed it was more so. The contest was popularly perceived to be about issues of life and death of whole communities rather than for their fighting forces alone. They were issues, wrote one American observer in 1939, 'worth dying for'. If, he continued, 'the will-to-destruction triumphs, our resolution to preserve civilisation must become more implacable...our courage must mount'.Words like 'will' and 'courage' are difficult for historians to use as instruments of cold analysis. They cannot be quantified; they are elusive of definition; they are products of a moral language that is regarded sceptically today, even tainted by its association with fascist rhetoric. German and Japanese leaders believed that the spiritual strength of their soldiers and workers in some indefinable way compensate for their technical inferiority. When asked after the war why Japan lost, one senior naval officer replied that the Japanese 'were short on spirit, the military spirit was weak...' and put this explanation ahead of any material cause. Within Germany, belief that spiritual strength or willpower was worth more than generous supplies of weapons was not confined to Hitler by any means, though it was certainly a central element in the way he looked at the world.The irony was that Hitler's ambition to impose his will on others did perhaps more than anything to ensure that his enemies' will to win burned brighter still. The Allies were united by nothing so much as a fundamental desire to smash Hitlerism and Japanese militarism and to use any weapon to achieve it. The primal drive for victory at all costs nourished Allied fighting power and assuaged the thirst for vengeance. They fought not only because the sum of their resources added up to victory, but because they wanted to win and were certain that their cause was just.The Allies won the Second World War because they turned their economic strength into effective fighting power, and turned the moral energies of their people into an effective will to win. The mobilisation of national resources in this broad sense never worked perfectly, but worked well enough to prevail. Materially rich, but divided, demoralised, and poorly led, the Allied coalition would have lost the war, however exaggerated Axis ambitions, however flawed their moral outlook. The war made exceptional demands on the Allied peoples. Half a century later the level of cruelty, destruction and sacrifice that it engendered is hard to comprehend, let alone recapture. Fifty years of security and prosperity have opened up a gulf between our own age and the age of crisis and violence that propelled the world into war. Though from today's perspective Allied victory might seem somehow inevitable, the conflict was poised on a knife-edge in the middle years of the war. This period must surely rank as the most significant turning point in the history of the modern age.
We stand on a mountain pass in the midst of whirling snow and blinding mist, through which we get glimpses now and then of paths which may be deceptive. If we stand still we shall be frozen to death. If we take the wrong road we shall be dashed to pieces. We do not certainly know whether there is any right one. What must we do? 'Be strong and of a good courage.' Act for the best, hope for the best, and take what comes.... If death ends all, we cannot meet death better.
If we only arrange our life in accordance with the principle which tells us that we must always trust in the difficult, then what now appears to us as the most alien will become our most intimate and trusted experience. How could we forget those ancient myths that stand at the beginning of all races, the myths about dragons that at the last moment are transformed into princesses? Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage.
God knows exactly where we are and precisely where He wants us and He takes an active role in getting us there.
Loyalty never put blood back in a man's veins.
You don’t always have to follow the rules. You have to stand for what you believe.
We are the planet, fully as much as water, earth, fire and air are the planet, and if the planet survives, it will only be through heroism. Not occasional heroism, a remarkable instance of it here and there, but constant heroism, systematic heroism, heroism as governing principle.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage — to move in the opposite direction.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex. It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage - to move in the opposite direction.
Courage is not a virtue or value among other personal values like love or fidelity. It is the foundations that underlies and gives reality to all other virtue and personal values. (p. 13)
Ancient politicians talked incessantly about morality and virtue; our politicians talk only about business and money. One will tell you that in a particular country a man is worth the sum he could be sold for in Algiers; another, by following this calculation, will find countries where a man is worth nothing, and others where he is worth less than nothing. They assess men like herds of livestock. According to them, a man has no value to the State apart from what he consumes in it. Thus one Sybarite would have been worth at least thirty Lacedaemonians. Would someone therefore hazard a guess which of these two republics, Sparta or Sybaris, was overthrown by a handful of peasants and which one made Asia tremble?
He thought of the virtues of courage and forbearance, which become flabby when there is nothing to use them on.
There is nothing spiritual about a marriage that uses guilt, blame, shame or religious manipulations to keep a relationship together.
Courage is fueled by the motivation to take the first step into the unknown.
The more you read,the eager you read many more.
Why is sensitivity perceived as being dangerous? When we’re sensitive, we feel things we were taught not to feel. When we’re sensitive, we are completely open to attack. When we’re sensitive, we are awake and in touch with our hearts – and this can be very threatening to the status quo indeed.
Sometimes, it takes just a moment of insanity to decide the course of our whole life.
We must reach out for our full potential. The potential lies in our inner strength.
Expect while reaching for the stars, people to whirl by with their dark clouds and storm upon you.
Whether I felt strong and courageous or not, I would now have to be for my baby boy.
I thought, 'There are a lot of poets who have the courage to look into the abyss, but there are very few who have the courage to look happiness in the face and write about it,' which is what I wanted to be able to do.
But courage which goes against military expediency is stupidity, or, if it is insisted upon by a commander, irresponsibility.
Live a courageous life.
Anyone can be a hero, even those who cannot. They just have to believe.
Sometimes you just have to tell your fear to kiss your ass.
Live your life today without any fear of unknown.Be strong and courageous to seek new path.
Talking to strangers is very panic fear, to be fearless and good communicator in long term try talking to strangers with courage like you already know them.
Choose not to prove how wrong others are, but choose to show them on how to be right
It's just that life felt the right size in there... not too big and not too small. Wasn't so hard to work up a bit of courage. It's got so bloody complicated since then.
The more positive you are the more people want to be around you and the less positive you are...well, just reverse it!
Societies need self sacrificing ignorant crowd;Religions need fearful followers;Systems need obedient slaves;Corporate world needs compulsive consumers,andI NEED THE COURAGE TO RISE ABOVE THESE FOUR PARASITES.
If you want to make a difference, the next time you see someone being cruel to another human being, take it personally. Take it personally because it is personal!
I never studied on fighting demons, but that don't mean I aim to let this one defeat us. The dark ones have their share of limitations too.
If anyone can overcome a fear for the ocean, you can, little lady. Courage is being scared to death and saddlin' up anyway.
Such a lot is won when even a single man gets to his feet and says No
Please remember, no matter how hard it seems and no matter how badly you feel you can always become courageous.
A hero lives forever for the ones who carry on.
One courageous act can make you a hero but frequent courageous acts will keep you a hero.
The gospel of miracle that we preach promotes death and encourages corruption.
May you find new strength to accomplish your daily work.
Rejoice in your troubles, all things will work for your good.
Love always requires courage and involves risk.
The willingness to show up changes us, It makes us a little braver each time.
People play small for lots of reasons, but at the core of them all is fear. Playing small means playing safe—avoiding risk, failure, criticism, and the list goes on. But just imagine how incredibly different the world would be if everyone committed to playing big—taking on audacious goals, trying to make a meaningful difference, being all they could possibly be.
Your “everybody” probably represents even a smaller proportion of the population than your Rolodex. Psychologists have documented that our typical everybody— to which they refer as the “generalized other”—is usually a collection of about five or six people.
A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government.
Mechanized warfare still left room for human qualities to play an important part in the issue. ‘Automatic warfare’ cancels them out, except in a passive form. Archidamus is at last being justified. Courage, skill and patriotism become shrinking assets. The most virile nation might not be able to withstand another, inferior to it in all natural qualities, if the latter had some decisively superior technical appliance. (...)The advent of ‘automatic warfare’ should make plain the absurdity of warfare as a means of deciding nations’ claims to superiority. It blows away romantic vapourings about the heroic virtues of war, utilized by aggressive and ambitious leaders to generate a military spirit among their people. They can no longer claim that war is any test of a people’s fitness, or even of its national strength. Science has undermined the foundations of nationalism, at the very time when the spirit of nationalism is most rampant.
Fear is the most insidious of weaknesses. You must learn to raze it from your soul, or risk defeat in all you do.
Everyday we have a high calling that we need to fulfill and everyday we can do it whether it's just to smile at somebody we little know.
The sea stood up before him, foaming, torn by lightning bolts, opening terrifying mouths that gobbled up the dense, hard black rains unleashed by the sky like hate.
I knew right then and there that I would become as courageous as I needed in order to keep him safe. I thought of the soldiers and bullets that I hid from in Asmara. I would stand and fight them to keep Fili safe.
Sometimes, life gets overwhelming. You feel pestered, overworked and unappreciated. Your vision becomes blurred and your dreams suddenly feel too far from reach. You feel wasted, even though you know you’ve come a long way. At that point, ALL YOU NEED TO DO is calm down, close your eyes and remember why you started out in the first place. You really just need to look within yourself to find your purpose again.
She and me? We the same in some fings. We live. The others, those orphan kids, they dead. Because she and me, we want to live and we do anyfing to make that happen. That's the difference between us and the others.
Sometimes, it takes more courage to be weak.
Jesus beckons me to follow him to that place of weakness where I risk the vulnerability of a child so that I might know how strong my Father is and how much he loves me. But truth be told, I would rather be an adult. I'd rather be in a place where I can still pull things together if God doesn't show up, where I risk no ultimate humiliation, where I don't have to take the shallow breaths of desperation. And as a result, my experience of my heavenly Father is simply impoverished.
If you mean your words, people who lust over your lovely ways won't dare to reject you.
Love is a weakness which converts even the strongest minds as its slave and makes them sing its tune.
It's impossible to hit a target that you can't see. You must visualize your goal, set a plan and work your plan. Don't make excuses. .. Just make time.
If we always livein constant fearthen we might missthe beauty of the momentright now, right here.
You cannot have the right to do what is wrong!
Some say they stand on the shoulders of giants. True. But have they ever tried walking like one?
He knew you can't really be strong until you can see a funny side of things.
Precarious, life is. A flying leap. A sweep of hand. A star flung across the night. A lucky catch in this whirling juggling circus act.From Steam Drills, Treadmills, and Shooting Stars
You should always do more of what you believe is right, even if you are trembling inside.
No longer will I doubt my abilities...I will give myself a chance.
With courage and hope, we can conquer our fears and do what we once believed impossible.
Peace may be hard to achieve, but is possible with small yet essential steps that are guided by courage and sufficient commitment.
We must be careful to let the Holy Spirit do this searching. If we try to search our own hearts, we are apt to fall into one or both of two traps. The first is the trap of morbid introspection. Introspection can easily become the tool of Satan, who is called the "accuser" (Revelation 12:10). One of his chief weapons is discouragement. He knows that if he can make us discouraged and dispirited, we will not fight the battle for holiness. The second trap is that of missing the real issues in our lives.
Hold it right there. The only agreement we ever had was that you intended to make me as miserable as possible, and I intended to courageously make the best of an intolerable situation like valiant Southern women have always done.
Take your feet of of the brakes, push the pedal, give yourself the green light and be unstoppable.
Be real. Be you and don't you dare apologize for who you are ever again.
You must have a strong will and determined spirit to fight any form of oppression.
Girls are like Pokemon, it doesn't matter how good you are, you can't catch any if you don't have any balls.
Equip yourself for your own needs.
You have been so sheltered, Deeta - more even than your sisters. You know nothing of life or of people, in truth I think both scare you. You have little experience of anything but Tom and I and the children. You carved out a little niche for yourself with us, somewhere you were comfortable and safe. With each passing day I have watched you close yourself off from all that is new until it becomes impossible to answer the question of who you are because you do not know yourself. I think you have courage and that you are resourceful, maybe you are brave. But at this moment I see you look at upheaval and adventure with fright in your soul, so that you see only the bad and no good at all.
Stubbornness" is knowing exactly what you want courageously living by free will; never to be judged or ridiculed.
God sometimes allows problem to come into our lives to encourage us to make a step forward
I judge the world by my own lightsand I come by my own hand.
I've had an amazing life. One filled with blessings I could never have imagined.Depressed is the last thing I am. Realistic, yes. Sad, never.
I hoped for a miracle, but most of all, I hoped for someone to truly understand what I was going through.I can't make you live longer, I can't stop you from hurting but I can give you one wish as someone did for me. My wish helped me find purpose, faith, and courage. Friendship reaches beyond time and the true miracle is in giving, not recieving.
Is it selfish for me to crave victory or is it brave?
There is no such thing as a regrettable act of courage.
Only cowards cave. The brave get assassinated.
Go for it, my heart said, my heart always said.
No political body is sacred, sustainable or under protection, which allows the exploitation of its weakest citizens.
When you are not afraid to fail, you will always win.
...'you have to ask yourself though, who are we to stop a war?’I sigh, wishing that the glittering pinpricks above us were truly stars. It was rare to see any due to the endless cloud cover. ‘Who are we not to?’ I say, to no one in particular. If we weren’t willing to try, then what did that say about us? I try to ignore the pessimistic voice eating away at my thoughts. Change could start with a few, but real change needed thousands.
Listen to the needs of your spirit and start living your life with purpose
Fearlessness can be its own form of power.
Speak your mind, even though your voice shakes.
Today is your day to paint life in bold colors
Don't ignore your discomforts about a place or person. They are normally vital signs for you to change.
Don't retire, rewire and refire
May you have the courage to choose love over hate.
I want you to identify your strengths or talents and to find something about yourself that makes you unique and special and refer to that image each time you find yourself feeling insecure or unsure.
Fortune favours the bold.
A stout heart breaks bad luck.
All good fortune is a gift of the gods  and ... you don't win the favor of the ancient gods by being good  but by being bold.
Fortune reveres the brave  and overwhelms the cowardly.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
Chance favors the prepared mind.
You have to be eligible for luck to strike  and I think that's a matter of education and preparation  and character and all the other solid attributes that sometimes people laugh at.
Get as much experience as you can  so that you're ready when luck works. That's the luck.
You've got to be in a position for luck to happen. Luck doesn't go around looking for a stumblebum.
Luck is the residue of design.
Luck affects everything. Let your hook be always cast. In the stream where you least expect it  there will be fish.
Chance does nothing that has not been prepared beforehand.
Luck is being ready for the chance.
Chance usually favors the prudent man.
Combine common sense and the Golden Rule  and you will have very little bad luck.
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
In Chinese  the word for crisis is weiji  composed of the character wei  which means danger  and ji  which means opportunity.
My advice to you  if you should ever be in a hold up  is to line up with the cowards and save your bravery for an occasion when it may be of some benefit to you.
It is easy enough to praise men for the courage of their convictions. I wish I could teach the sad young of this mealy generation the courage of their confusions.
It takes a kind of shabby arrogance to survive in our time  and a fairly romantic nature to want to.
Growth demands a temporary surrender of security.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
No one provokes me with impunity (nemo me impune lacessit)
Neither have they hearts to stay  Nor wit enough to run away.
Respectability: the offspring of a liaison between a bald head and a bank account.
Until the day of his death  no man can be sure of his courage.
There is no such thing as bravery  only degrees of fear.
"Why not" is a slogan for an interesting life.
You don't learn to hold your own in the world by standing on guard  but by attacking  and getting well hammered yourself.
Here I stand. I can do no other. God help me. Amen.
Many become brave when brought to bay.
O God  give us serenity to accept what cannot be changed  courage to change what should be changed  and wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.
The first virtue in a soldier is endurance of fatigue  courage is only the second virtue.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
We could be cowards  if we had courage enough.
Showing up is eighty percent of life.
A high station in life is earned by the gallantry with which appalling experiences are survived with grace.
A decline in courage may be the most striking feature which an outside observer notices in the West in our days. The Western world has lost its civic courage  both as a whole and separately  in each country  in each government  in each political party  and  of course  in the United Nations. Such a decline in courage is particularly noticeable among the ruling groups and the intellectual elite  causing an impression that the loss of courage extends to the entire society.
Courage is doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared.
One man with courage makes a majority.
If one is forever cautious  can one remain a human being?
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines.
The Ancient Mariner said to Neptune during a great storm  'O God  you will save me if you wish  but I am going to go on holding my tiller straight.'
Fight on  my merry men all  I'm a little wounded  but I am not slain  I will lay me down for to bleed a while  Then I'll rise and fight with you again.
The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life even in order to keep it.
The last thing a woman will consent to discover in a man whom she loves  or on whom she simply depends  is want of courage.
Please understand there is no depression in this house and we are not interested in the possibilities of defeat. They do not exist.
Now the trumpet summons us again - not as a call to bear arms  though arms we need  not as a call to battle  though embattled we are  but a call to bear the burden of a long twilight struggle  year in and year out  'rejoicing in hope  patient in tribulation'  a struggle against the common enemies of man: tyranny  poverty  disease and war itself.
To be brave one short instant is no easy matter  it is easier to die for a cause than to live for it.
The courage we desire and prize is not the courage to die decently  but to live manfully.
Have the courage to act instead of react.
Courage! I have shown it for years  think you I shall lose it at the moment when my sufferings are to end?
Necessity does the work of courage.
Courage is a quality so necessary for maintaining virtue that it is always respected  even when it is associated with vice.
The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment  but it is no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy. A man does what he must - in spite of personal consequences  in spite of obstacles and dangers and pressures - and that is the basis of all morality.
He was a bold man that first ate an oyster.
Unless one says goodbye to what one loves  and unless one travels to completely new territories  one can expect merely a long wearing away of oneself.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
Courage is resistance to fear  mastery of fear  not absence of fear.
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
The fly ought to be used as the symbol of impertinence and audacity  for whilst all other animals shun man more than anything else  and run away even before he comes near them  the fly lights upon his very nose.
Valour lies just halfway between rashness and cowardice.
Never undertake anything for which you wouldn't have the courage to ask the blessings of heaven.
As to moral courage  I have very rarely met with the two o'clock in the morning kind. I mean unprepared courage  that which is necessary on an unexpected occasion  and which  in spite of the most unforeseen events  leaves full freedom of judgement and decision.
The guts carry the feet  not the feet the guts.
Clothes and courage have much to do with each other.
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before.
Courage - fear that has said its prayers.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
Constant exposure to dangers will breed contempt for them.
(Courage) a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger  and a mental willingness to endure it.
Not simply one of the virtues but the form of every virtue at the testing point  which means at the point of highest reality.
At the bottom of a good deal of the bravery that appears in the world there lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they cannot face public opinion.
Whether it be to failure or success  the first need of being is endurance -to endure with gladness if we can  with fortitude in any event.
I'm not funny. What I am is brave.
Courage is the first of the human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all the others.
Courage to be is the key to revelatory power of the feminist revolution.
Without courage  all other virtues lose their meaning.
Success is never found. Failure is never fatal. Courage is the only thing.
Courage is the most important of all virtues  because without it we can't practice any other virtue with consistency.
Courage is not simply one of the virtues  but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
Courage is the ladder on which all other virtues mount.
Courage is the basic virtue for everyone so long as he continues to grow  to move ahead.
Courage is the greatest of all the virtues. Because if you haven't courage  you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.
The courage of life is often a less dramatic spectacle than the courage of a final moment  but it is no less a magnificent mixture of triumph and tragedy. A man does what he must- in spite of personal consequences  in spite of obstacles and dangers and pressures-and that is the basis of all morality.
Nothing but courage can guide life.
Wealth lost-something lost  Honor lost-much lost  Courage lost-all lost.
Why not go out on a limb? Isn't that where the fruit is?
In politics  guts is all.
In difficult situations  when hope seems feeble  the boldest plans are safest.
Courage is the best slayer-courage which attacketh  for in every attack there is the sound of triumph.
He who finds Fortune on his side should go briskly ahead  for she is wont to favor the bold.
That's what being young is all about. You have the courage and the daring to think that you can make a difference.
It is better by noble boldness to run the risk of being subject to half of the evils we anticipate than to remain in cowardly listlessness for fear of what might happen.
A decent boldness ever meets with friends.
In times of stress  be bold and valiant.
The brave venture anything.
It is the bold man who every time does best  at home or abroad.
Attacking is the only secret. Dare and the world always yields  or if it beats you sometimes  dare it again  and it will succumb.
You don't learn to hold your own in the world by standing on guard  but by attacking  and getting well-hammered yourself.
Fortune helps the brave.
Audacity augments courage  hesitation  fear.
Fortune reveres the brave  and overwhelms the cowardly.
God helps the brave.
Fortune befriends the bold.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Fortune favors the audacious.
Audacity has made kings.
Audacity  more audacity  always audacity.
With audacity one can undertake anything.
Bravery and faith bring both material and spiritual rewards.
He who loses wealth loses much  he who loses a friend loses more  but he who loses his courage loses all.
True miracles are created by men when they use the courage and intelligence that God gave them.
Tender-handed stroke a nettle  and it stings you for your pains  Grasp it like a man of mettle  and it soft as silk remains.
Be content to stand in the light  and let the shadow fall where it will.
Never forget that life can only be nobly inspired and rightly lived if you take it bravely and gallantly  as a splendid adventure in which you are setting out into an unknown country  to meet many a joy  to find many a comrade  to win and lose many a battle.
Life is the acceptance of responsibilities  or their evasion  it is a business of meeting obligations  or avoiding them.
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest  success comes only later.
There were always in me  two women at least  one woman desperate and bewildered  who felt she was drowning and another who would leap into a scene  as upon a stage  conceal her true emotions because they were weaknesses  helplessness  despair  and present to the world only a smile  an eagerness  curiosity  enthusiasm  interest.
Facing it-always facing it-that's the way to get through. Face it!
If one is willing to do a thing he is afraid to do  he does not have to ... face a situation fearlessly  and [if] there is no situation to face  it falls away of its own weight.
He shall fare well who confronts circumstances aright.
He that handles a nettle tenderly is soonest stung.
He who is afraid of every nettle should not piss in the grass.
Let us be brave in the face of adversity.
Only one feat is possible: not to have run away.
There is something healthy and invigorating about direct action.
Confidence ... is directness and courage in meeting the facts of life.
The man who most vividly realizes a difficulty is the man most likely to overcome it.
I believe half the unhappiness in life comes from people being afraid to go straight at things.
No man will succeed unless he is ready to face and overcome difficulties  and is prepared to assume responsibilities.
The fly that doesn't want to be swatted is most secure when it lights on the fly-swatter.
The fly ought to be used as the symbol of impertinence and audacity  for whilst all other animals shun man more than anything else  and run away even before he comes near them  the fly lights upon his very nose.
All problems become smaller if you don't dodge them  but confront them.
The best way out of a problem is through it.
We cannot solve life's problems except by solving them.
The truth will set you free  but first it will make you miserable.
Have the courage to face a difficulty lest it kick you harder than you bargain for.
A great man is one who seizes the vital issue in a complex question  what we might call the jugular vein of the whole organism  and spends his energies upon that.
It is often wonderful how putting down on paper a clear statement of a case helps one to see  not perhaps the way out  but the way in.
As a rule  what is out of sight disturbs men's minds more seriously than what they see.
Every difficulty slurred over will be a ghost to disturb your repose later on.
Life is a battle in which we fall from wounds we receive in running away.
Fools  through false shame  conceal their open wounds.
Let us not look back in anger  nor forward in fear  but around us in awareness.
It takes courage to know when you ought to be afraid.
However mean your life is  meet it and live it  do not shun it and call it hard names. It is not so bad as you are.
Genius is an infinite capacity for taking life by the scruff of the neck.
If you suppress grief too much  it can well redouble.
Bad weather always looks worse through a window.
The frontiers are not east or west  north or south  but wherever a man fronts a fact.
Should I  after tea and cakes and ices  have the strength to force the moment to its crisis?
Whatever you are trying to avoid won't go away until you confront it.
None are so blind as those who will not see.
You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall.
Soldiers  strike the foe in the face!
Get in front of the ball  you won't get hurt. That's what you've got a chest for  young man.
Knowledge of sin is the beginning of salvation.
Courage is a quietness  not martial music made Born of facing up to life  even when afraid.
The great virtue in life is real courage that knows how to face facts and live beyond them.
Risk! Risk anything! ... Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.
It is courage  courage  courage  that raises the blood of life to crimson splendor. Live bravely and present a brave front to adversity!
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
Defending the truth is not something one does out of a sense of duty or to allay guilt complexes  but is a reward in itself.
No blame should attach to telling the truth.
The elegance of honesty needs no adornment.
Truth is always exciting. Speak it  then  life is dull without it.
You cannot weave truth on a loom of lies.
You're only as sick as your secrets.
You can't expect to win unless you know why you lose.
It takes great courage to break with one's past history and stand alone.
We run away all the time to avoid coming face to face with ourselves.
Awakening begins when a man realizes that he is going nowhere  and does not know where to go.
The naked truth is always better than the best-dressed lie.
If the word frankly or sincerely is not uttered in the first ten minutes-or let us speak openly-then you are not in the presence of a genuine businessman  and he will certainly go bankrupt.
The man with insight enough to admit his limitations comes nearest to perfection.
If I ever said in grief or pride  I tired of honest things  I lied.
Truth  that fair goddess who comes always with healing in her wings.
The confession of evil works is the first beginning of good works.
Admitting errors clears the score and proves you wiser than before.
There is in the end no remedy but truth. It is the one course that cannot be evil.
There is no power on earth more formidable than the truth.
If one cannot invent a really convincing lie  it is often better to stick to the truth.
An excuse is a lie guarded.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom.
Truth is the vital breath of Beauty  Beauty the outward form of Truth.
The trouble with lying and deceiving is that their efficiency depends entirely upon a clear notion of the truth that the liar and deceiver wishes to hide.
There is at least one thing more brutal than the truth  and that is the consequence of saying less than the truth.
The real gift of love is self disclosure.
We only really face up to ourselves when we are afraid.
It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else.
It takes more courage to reveal insecurities than to hide them  more strength to relate to people than to dominate them  more "manhood" to abide by thought-out principles rather than blind reflex. Toughness is in the soul and spirit  not in muscles and an immature mind.
I have often though morality may perhaps consist solely in the courage of making a choice.
Introversion  at least if extreme  is a sign of mental and spiritual immaturity.
The highest courage is to dare to appear to be what one is.
It isn't for the moment you are stuck that you need courage  but for the long uphill climb back to sanity and faith and security.
True courage is not the brutal force of vulgar heroes  but the firm resolve of virtue and reason.
Greatness  in the last analysis  is largely bravery-courage in escaping from old ideas and old standards.
The highest courage is not to be found in the instinctive acts of men who risk their lives to save a friend or slay a foe  the physical fearlessness of a moment or an hour is not to be compared with immolation of months or years for the sake of wisdom or art.
I have met brave women who are exploring the outer edge of human possibility  with no history to guide them  and with a courage to make themselves vulnerable that I find moving beyond words.
Valour is nobleness of the mind.
Courage ... is nothing less than the power to overcome danger  misfortune  fear  injustice  while continuing to affirm inwardly that life  with all its sorrows  is good  that everything is meaningful  even if in a sense beyond our understanding  and that there is always tomorrow.
This is the art of courage: to see things as they are and still believe that the victory lies not with those who avoid the bad  but those who taste  in living awareness  every drop of the good.
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right  even though I think it is hopeless.
The great virtue in life is real courage that knows how to face facts and live beyond them.
Physical courage  which despises all danger  will make a man brave in one way  and moral courage  which despises all opinion  will make a man brave in another. The former would seem most necessary for the camp  the latter for the council  but to constitute a great man  both are necessary.
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar.
Valor is stability  not of legs and arms  but of courage and the soul.
One of man's finest qualities is described by the simple word "guts"-the ability to take it. If you have the discipline to stand fast when your body wants to run  if you can control your temper and remain cheerful in the face of monotony or disappointment  you have "guts" in the soldiering sense.
Whatever course you decide upon  there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising which tempt you to believe that your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires ... courage.
Courage is more than standing for a firm conviction. It includes the risk of questioning that conviction.
The hallmark of courage in our age of conformity is the capacity to stand on one's convictions-not obstinately or defiantly (these are gestures of defensiveness  not courage) nor as a gesture of retaliation  but simply because these are what one believes.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak  courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
Courage is to take hard knocks like a man when occasion calls.
You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.
This is courage ... to bear unflinchingly what heaven sends.
Courage  in the final analysis  is nothing but an affirmative answer to the shocks of existence.
Courage is a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger  and a mental willingness to endure it.
To have courage for whatever comes in life-everything lies in that.
To accept whatever comes  regardless of the consequences  is to be unafraid.
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority.
One man with courage makes a majority.
Many women miss their greatest chance of happiness through a want of courage in a decisive moment.
We must have the courage to be happy.
There is a courage of happiness as well as a courage of sorrow.
Happy the man who ventures boldly to defend what he holds dear.
All happiness depends on courage and work.
There is nothing in the world so much admired as a man who knows how to bear unhappiness with courage.
We must have courage to bet on our ideas  on the calculated risk  and to act. Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
The last thing a woman will consent to discover in a man whom she loves  or on whom she simply depends  is want of courage.
None but the brave deserve the fair.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
The bravest are the tenderest. The loving are the daring.
The weapon of the brave is in his heart.
The guts carry the feet  not the feet the guts.
I am not afraid of a fight  I have to do my duty  come what may.
War is fear cloaked in courage.
A bold heart is half the battle.
Courage in danger is half the battle.
A man of courage never wants weapons.
A brave arm makes a short sword long.
Courage which goes against military expediency is stupidity  or  if it is insisted upon by a commander  irresponsibility.
There is  in addition to a courage with which men die  a courage by which men must live.
Where life is more terrible than death  it is the truest valor to dare to live.
The courage we desire and prize is not the courage to die decently  but to live manfully.
Often the test of courage is not to die  but to live.
He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much the master of the world as he who is ready to die.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Only those are fit to live who are not afraid to die.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
To say yes  you have to sweat and roll up your sleeves and plunge both hands into life up to the elbows. It is easy to say no  even if saying no means death.
Have the courage to live. Anyone can die.
Because a fellow has failed once or twice or a dozen times  you don't want to set him down as a failure till he's dead or loses his courage-and that's the same thing.
What is more mortifying than to feel that you have missed the plum for want of courage to shake the tree?
Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
To persevere  trusting in what hopes he has  is courage. The coward despairs.
It takes vision and courage to create- it takes faith and courage to prove.
Whatever you do  you need courage. ... To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage which a soldier needs.
Who dares nothing  need hope for nothing.
Have the courage of your desire.
To see what is right  and not do it  is want of courage.
No great thing conies to any man unless he has courage.
Great things are done more through courage than through wisdom.
Courage permits the caliber of performance to continue at its peak  until the finish line is crossed.
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage "coaches" ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman  before which difficulties disappear  and obstacles vanish into air.
There are a lot of fellas with all the ability it takes to play in the major leagues  but... they always get stuck in the minor leagues because they haven't got the guts to make the climb.
Where there is a brave man  in the thickest of the fight  there is the post of honor.
It takes as much courage to have tried and failed as it does to have tried and succeeded.
You will never do anything in this world without courage.
Whenever you see a successful business  someone once made a courageous decision.
Courage to start and willingness to keep everlasting at it are the requisites for success.
One of the biggest factors in success is the courage to undertake something.
Everyone has a talent. What is rare is the courage to follow that talent to the dark place where it leads.
The world is not perishing for the want of clever or talented or well-meaning men. It is perishing for the want of men of courage and resolution.
Talent is helpful in writing  but guts are absolutely necessary.
Knowledge without courage is sterile.
To create one's own world in any of the arts takes courage.
Courage is the thing. All goes if courage goes.
It's weak and despicable to go on wanting things and not trying to get them.
How many feasible projects have miscarried through despondency  and been strangled in their birth by a cowardly imagination?
It is brave to be involved.
One of the biggest factors in success is the courage to undertake something.
When it comes to betting on yourself ... you're a chicken-livered coward if you hesitate.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?
Be courageous! ... I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has come out stronger and more prosperous. Be as brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward.
Dare to begin! He who postpones living rightly is like the rustic who waits for the river to run out before he crosses.
Nothing ventured  nothing gained.
The brave venture anything.
The difference between getting somewhere and nowhere is the courage to make an early start.
Life is to be entered upon with courage.
We ought to face our destiny with courage.
You can surmount the obstacles in your path if you are determined  courageous and hardworking. ... Do not fear to pioneer  to venture down new paths of endeavor.
The great man is the man who does a thing for the first time.
Imposing limitations on yourself is cowardly because it protects you from having to try  and perhaps failing.
What you can do  or dream you can do  begin it  boldness has genius  power and magic in it.
We need the courage to start and continue what we should do  and courage to stop what we shouldn't do.
Prudence which degenerates into timidity is very seldom the path to safety.
He that is overcautious will accomplish little.
We can easily become as much slaves to precaution as we can to fear.
To the timid and hesitating everything is impossible because it seems so.
Do not be too timid and squeamish. ... All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make  the better.
Courage is rarely reckless or foolish ... courage usually involves a highly realistic estimate of the odds that must be faced.
Valour lies just halfway between rashness and cowardice.
When you're my size in the pros  fear is a sign that you're not stupid.
Keep your fears to yourself  but share your courage with others.
Courage leads starward  fear toward death.
Go forth to meet the shadowy Future without fear and with a manly heart.
Fate loves the fearless.
There is no such thing as bravery  only degrees of fear.
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
Courage is the ability to solve problems realistically in the presence of fear.
Courage is resistance to fear  mastery of fear-not absence of fear.
Courage is ... the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
Courage is the right disposition toward fear.
Courage is a scorner of things which inspire fear.
We must constantly build dykes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.
Courage is never letting your actions be influenced by your fears.
Cowards cannot see that their greatest safety lies in dauntless courage.
A coward turns away  but a brave man's choice is danger.
Cowardice is the mother of cruelty.
Optimism and self-pity are the positive and negative poles of modern cowardice.
Cowards die many times before their deaths  the valiant never taste of death but once.
To say a person is a coward has no more meaning than to say he is lazy: It simply tells us that some vital potentiality is unrealized or blocked.
There are at least two kinds of cowards. One kind always lives with himself  afraid to face the world. The other kind lives with the world  afraid to face himself.
There is a time when to avoid trouble is to store up trouble  and when to seek for a lazy and a cowardly peace is to court a still greater danger.
To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice.
Spiritual cowardice is not only weakness but wickedness.
The most mortifying infirmity in human nature ... is  perhaps  cowardice.
Men perish by the sword  cowards by disease.
Between cowardice and despair  valour is gendered.
If you knew how cowardly your enemy is  you would slap him.
Bravery is the knowledge of the cowardice in the enemy.
Any coward can fight a battle when he's sure of winning.
The coward despairs.
Cowardice  as distinguished from panic  is almost always simply a lack of ability to suspend the functioning of the imagination.
The only cowards are sinners  fighting the fight is all.
All men would be cowards if they durst.
That cowardice is incorrigible which the love of power cannot overcome.
Courage is doing what you're afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you're scared.
Courage is being scared to death ... and saddling up anyway.
You look at a guy who's being brave. He's afraid  or he wouldn't be brave. If he isn't afraid  he's stupid.
To fight a bull when you are not scared is nothing. And to not fight a bull when you are scared is nothing. But to fight a bull when you are scared is something.
Being "brave" means doing or facing something frightening. ... Being "fearless" means being without fear.
It takes courage to know when you ought to be afraid.
Everyone thought I was bold and fearless and even arrogant  but inside I was always quaking.
Perfect courage means doing unwitnessed what we would be capable of with the world looking on.
Fear is the single strongest motivating force in our lives. ... The more frightened you become  the better your chances of achieving success.
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death. -General Omar N. Bradley This morning I threw up at a board meeting. I was sure the cat was out of the bag  but no one seemed to think anything about it  apparently it's quite common for people to throw up at board meetings.
I'm a real pussycat-with an iron tail.
Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid.
Necessity makes even the timid brave.
Necessity does the work of courage.
I became more courageous by doing the very things I needed to be courageous for-first  a little  and badly. Then  bit by bit  more and better. Being avidly-sometimes annoy-ingly-curious and persistent about discovering how others were doing what I wanted to do.
When it comes to the pinch  human beings are heroic.
Many become brave when brought to bag.
Courage mounteth with occasion.
When you have no choice  mobilize the spirit of courage.
Courage is sustained by calling up anew the vision of the goal.
Women have to summon up courage to fulfill dormant dreams.
Courage is like love  it must have hope for nourishment.
Optimism is the foundation of courage.
I would often be a coward  but for the shame of it.
At the bottom of a good deal of bravery ... lurks a miserable cowardice. Men will face powder and steel because they cannot face public opinion.
We would be cowards  if we had courage enough.
A coward's fear can make a coward valiant.
Courage is as often the outcome of despair as of hope  in the one case we have nothing to lose  in the other everything to gain.
Despair gives courage to a coward.
No one has yet computed how many imaginary triumphs are silently celebrated by people each year to keep up their courage.
I'm not afraid of too many things  and I got that invincible kind of attitude from my father.
Courage is the fear of being thought a coward.
How  then  find the courage for action? By slipping a little into unconsciousness  spontaneity  instinct which holds one to the earth and dictates the relatively good and useful. ... By accepting the human condition more simply  and candidly  by dreading troubles less  calculating less  hoping more.
It takes courage to live-courage and strength and hope and humor. And courage and strength and hope and humor have to be bought and paid for with pain and work and prayers and tears.
Courage that grows from constitution often forsakes a man ... courage which arises from a sense of duty acts in a uniform manner.
He who knows how to suffer everything can dare everything.
Courage does not always march to airs blown by a bugle  it is not always wrought out of the fabric ostentation wears.
We learn courageous action by going forward whenever fear urges us back.
The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life in order to keep it.
All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood.
Courage isrequired not only in a person's occasional crucial decision for his own freedom  but in the little hour-to-hour decisions which place the bricks in the structure of his building of himself into a person who acts with freedom and responsibility.
Courage does not consist in calculation  but in fighting against chances.
Courage is its own reward.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
Courage is a kind of salvation.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Courage is the lovely virtue-the rib of Himself that God sent down to His children.
Courage is the integrating strength that causes one to overcome tragedy.
Courage is almost a contradiction in terms. It means a strong desire to live taking the form of readiness to die.
Courage is the virtue which champions the cause of right.
Courage is generosity of the highest order  for the brave are prodigal of the most precious things.
Courage is clearly a readiness to risk self-humiliation.
Courage is fire  and bullying is smoke.
Courage consists of the power of self-recovery.
Courage is a virtue only so far as it is directed by prudence.
Courage is a quality so necessary for maintaining virtue that it is always respected even when it is associated with vice.
Courage is the footstool of the Virtues  upon which they stand.
Courage is to feel the daily daggers of relentless steel and keep on living.
Courage is what preserves our liberty  safety  life  and our homes and parents  our country and children. Courage comprises all things.
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
There is plenty of courage among us for the abstract  but not for the concrete.
Every man has his own courage  and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons.
If we have the courage and tenacity of our forebears  who stood firmly like a rock against the lash of slavery  we shall find a way to do for our day what they did for theirs.
If you are brave too often  people will come to expect it of you.
The best protection any woman can have ... is courage.
Valor is a gift. Those having it never know for sure if they have it till the test comes. And those having it in one test never know for sure if they will have it when the next test comes.
Until the day of his death  no man can be sure of his courage.
Among wellborn spirits courage does not depend on age.
Courage can't see around corners  but goes around them anyway.
Freedom is not for the timid.
Courage easily finds its own eloquence.
In true courage there is always an element of choice  of an ethical choice  and of anguish  and also of action and deed. There is always a flame of spirit in it  a vision of some necessity higher than oneself.
But screw your courage to the sticking place and we'll not fail.
Courage is always the surest wisdom.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle  it is strengthened by use.
There are some women who seem to be born without fear  just as there are people who are born without the ability to feel pain. ... Providence appears to protect such women  maybe out of astonishment.
On many of the great issues of our time  men have lacked wisdom because they have lacked courage.
Catch courage.
If you are scared to go to the brink  you are lost.
It takes courage to lead a life. Any life.
Nothing is as valuable to a man as courage.
I'd rather give my life than be afraid to give it.
The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to the next.
Courage ought to have eyes as well as arms.
Sorrow is a fruit. God does not allow it to grow on a branch that is too weak to bear it.
The will of God will not take you where the grace of God cannot keep you.
Act  and God will act.
So when the crisis is upon you  remember that God  like a trainer of wrestlers  has matched you with a tough and stalwart antagonist... that you may prove a victor at the Great Games.
Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid.
What God expects us to attempt  He also enables us to achieve.
God gave burdens  also shoulders.
With them I gladly shared my all and learned the great truth that where God guides  He provides.
The Bible tells us that a sparrow does not fall without God's notice. I know he will help us meet our responsibilities through his guidance.
Leap  and the net will appear.
Cowards falter  but danger is often overcome by those who nobly dare.
God gives us always strength enough  and sense enough  for everything He wants us to do.
Fatalism is a lazy man's way of accepting the inevitable.
In this unbelievable universe in which we live  there are no absolutes. Even parallel lines  reaching into infinity  meet somewhere yonder.
Instead of looking at life as a narrowing funnel  we can see it ever widening to choose the things we want to do  to take the wisdom we've learned and create something.
Nothing befalls a man except what is in his nature to endure.
Life only demands from you the strength you possess.
Everyone will be taxed according to his means.
I discovered I always have choices and sometimes it's only a choice of attitude.
The burden is equal to the horse's strength.
Experience shows that exceptions are as true as rules.
What we call reality is an agreement that people have arrived at to make their lives more livable.
All we are asked to bear we can bear. That is a law of the spiritual life. The only hindrance to the working of this law  as of all benign laws  is fear.
When it comes to the pinch  human beings are heroic.
The incurable ills are the imaginary ills
However confused the scene of our life appears  however torn we may be who now do face that scene  it can be faced  and we can go on to be whole.
A change of heart is the essence of all other change  and it has brought about me a reeducation of the mind.
The human spirit is stronger than anything that can happen to it.
What one has to do usually can be done.
Man performs and engenders so much more than he can or should have to bear. That's how he finds that he can bear anything.
If you have enough fantasies  you're ready  in the event that something happens.
The peril of the hour moved the British to tremendous exertions  just as always in a moment of extreme danger things can be done which had previously been thought impossible. Mortal danger is an effective antidote for fixed ideas.
We all carry it within us: supreme strength  the fullness of wisdom  unquenchable joy. It is never thwarted  and cannot be destroyed.
Within us all there are wells of thought and dynamos of energy which are not suspected until emergencies arise. Then oftentimes we find that it is comparatively simple to double or triple our former capacities and to amaze ourselves by the results achieved.
The spirit of man is an inward flame  a lamp the world blows upon but never puts out.
We have what we seek. It is there all the time  and if we give it time  it will make itself known to us.
Truth is not introduced into the individual from without  but was within him all the time.
Nature arms each man with some faculty which enables him to do easily some feat impossible to any other.
When we know what we want to prove  we go out and find our facts. They are always there.
Nature reacts not only to physical disease  but also to moral weakness  when the danger increases  she gives us greater courage.
rouble creates a capacity to handle it.
Trouble  like the hill ahead  straightens out when you advance upon it.
In the darkest hour the soul is replenished and given strength to continue and endure.
Our energy is in proportion to the resistance it meets. We attempt nothing great but from a sense of the difficulties we have to encounter  we persevere in nothing great but from a pride in overcoming them.
We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival.
Exigencies create the necessary ability to meet and conquer them.
The moment one definitely commits oneself  then Providence moves too. All sorts of things occur to help that would never otherwise have occurred. A stream of events issues from the decision  raising unforeseen incidents and meetings and material assistance  which no man could have dreamt would have come his way.
In forty hours I shall be in battle  with little information  and on the spur of the moment will have to make the most momentous decisions. But I believe that one's spirit enlarges with responsibility and that  with God's help  I shall make them  and make them right.
Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.
A man of courage is also full of faith.
When moral courage feels that it is in the right  there is no personal daring of which it is incapable.
Fortune and Love befriend the bold.
Women and men of retiring timidity are cowardly only in dangers which affect themselves  but the first to rescue when others are endangered.
Hail  Caesar  those who are about to die salute thee.
Sometimes, situation may be uncomfortable but must endure.
When discouraged some people will give up, give in or give out far too early. They blame their problems on difficult situations, unreasonable people or their own inabilities.When discouraged other people will push back that first impulse to quit, push down their initial fear, push through feelings of helplessness and push ahead. They’re less likely to find something to blame and more likely to find a way through.
Jesus is the light of the world. His light shines through all darkness. His love heals all hatred. His grace and mercy forgives all sins. The anointing of his blood heals the sick and the lame. His guarding angels will forever protect you and his word will forever guide you.
If we know what can happen in a minute will could have avoid all tragedies.
I shall be in Paris in two days. Well, all is finished. The waves ofhuman mediocrity rise to the sky and they will engulf the refuge whosedams I open. Ah! courage leaves me, my heart breaks! O Lord, pity theChristian who doubts, the sceptic who would believe, the convict oflife embarking alone in the night, under a sky no longer illumined bythe consoling beacons of ancient faith.
I know the consequences, Manon,” Ilyse conceded. “I know the fate you endured might one day be my own. But I refuse to be a prisoner for the rest of my life.
Serenity comes from the ability to say “Yes” to existence. Courage comes from the ability to say “No” to the wrong choices made by others.
If you least understand the essence of timely and courageously saying no to what you have to say no to, when you have to say no, you shall always say yes to what is due no remorsefully and count the cost of never saying no when you had to in pity though you shall know your ‘had I know’ in the end.
If you least understand the essence of timely and courageously saying no to what you have to say no to, when you have to say no, you shall always say yes to what is due no remorsefully and count the cost of never saying no when you had to in pity though shall know your had I know in the end.
For whatever time I have to live, I intend to enjoy myself." - Midge Rylander in Eighteen Months To Live.
We learn to appreciate what we achieve, no matter how small the achievement, because we do it ourselves. - Midge Rylander in Eighteen Months To Live
She could do anything with dynamite, except eat it.
Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success.
I'm a big fan of small business ownership. I think it's the backbone of American innovation. But to be successful, you first have to have the courage to go for it.
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!
Hire sales people who are really smart problem solvers, but lack courage, hunger and competitiveness, and your company will go out of business.
It's not just Bin Laden or just those that are involved in the counterterrorism effort. We've gotta cast the net broader than that. But I think it's a - very special tribute that we all owe to the bravery and courage of the men and women in the intelligence and military business who performed so well to finally get it done.
A life lesson for me is, how do you muster the courage to take on a new risk? Whether it's starting up a business or taking on a new project or expedition. I think the risks that we take are all relative to the risk-taker.
I am shocked at the attitude of our American troops. They have no respect for death, the courage of an enemy soldier, or many of the ordinary decencies of life.
When I first started writing songs and being very explicit, it was hard, but one of the main things people respond to in my writing is that 'just say it' attitude of my songs. There really is nothing personal or private; it's all universal, if you can just find the courage to be open about your life.
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own.
Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.
Vulnerability is the essence of romance. It's the art of being uncalculated, the willingness to look foolish, the courage to say, 'This is me, and I'm interested in you enough to show you my flaws with the hope that you may embrace me for all that I am but, more important, all that I am not.'
There are no greater treasures than the highest human qualities such as compassion, courage and hope. Not even tragic accident or disaster can destroy such treasures of the heart.
My message to you all is of hope, courage and confidence. Let us mobilize all our resources in a systematic and organized way and tackle the grave issues that confront us with grim determination and discipline worthy of a great nation.
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless.
Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment.
'West Wing' was huge. Like 'Hamilton,' it pulls back the curtain on how decision-making happens at the highest level, or at least how you hope it would be. The amount of information Aaron Sorkin packs into a scene gave me this courage to trust the audience to keep up.
We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty.
In the central place of every heart, there is a recording chamber; so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer and courage, you are young.
He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.
No, I am not a homosexual. If I were a homosexual, I would hope I would have the courage to say so. What's cruel is that you are forcing me to say I am not a homosexual. This means you are putting homosexuals down. I don't want to do that.
Every day begins with an act of courage and hope: getting out of bed.
Overcoming the Cold War required courage from the people of Central and Eastern Europe and what was then the German Democratic Republic, but it also required the steadfastness of Western partner over many decades when many had long lost hope of integration of the two Germanys and Europe.
Hope, like faith, is nothing if it is not courageous; it is nothing if it is not ridiculous.
There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence. He is still a King.
The things I do, I do from the heart and out of love and respect for our planet and all living things. And I draw my courage from my love for justice and truth, and I calm my fears by comforting those who are more scared than me. And I try to do my best to make the world a better place, one small action at a time, as good as I can.
The valor and courage of our young women and men in the armed services are a shining example to all of the world, and we owe them and their families our deepest respect.
Collaboration is just, really, a group of people getting in a room with their eye on a very similar prize and wanting to come out with the same show. The director, ultimately, is the guy in front of whom the buck stops. So, he has to have the courage to prevail. But, he has got to have a huge amount of respect for his collaborators.
Productive givers focus on acting in the long-term best interests of others, even if it's not pleasant. They have the courage to give the critical feedback we prefer not to hear, but truly need to hear. They offer tough love, knowing that we might like them less, but we'll come to trust and respect them more.
I have too much respect for people to try to control them. But they are estranged from love, afraid to reach out and touch one another. We're afraid to appear sentimental or speak in platitudes because people will say, 'What a jerk!' It takes courage in our culture to be a lover.
Throughout the years, many Christian women have told me of their great respect for the bravery and courage evident in my work, perhaps even gesturing to their own Isis earrings or a Nile River Goddess pendants.
Justice must be done in investigating the tragic death of Mr. Freddie Gray. His family deserves our deepest sympathy and respect for their loss, and our admiration for their courage in calling us, as a city, to act as our better selves.
I have huge respect for women who go out of their homes and have the courage to make their own destiny. And let me tell you, Indian women are doing a great job. There are those who work because they have no option but to earn, and then there are those who do it because they have the right talent. I respect both.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
The path from dreams to success does exist. May you have the vision to find it, the courage to get on to it, and the perseverance to follow it.
So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain, and from ocean to ocean, hear these words: You will never be ignored again. Your voice, your hopes, and your dreams will define our American destiny. And your courage and goodness and love will forever guide us along the way.
You can do anything if you set your mind to it. Look out for kids, help them dream and be inspired. We teach calculus in schools, but I believe the most important formula is courage plus dreams equals success.
It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.
Even in the hardest circumstances, dreams can give you the courage to live, and I hope I can share that message with children in need.
Women have to summon up courage to fulfill dormant dreams.
A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die.
My mother taught me that we all have the power to achieve our dreams. What I lacked was the courage.
Prime Minister Sharon, Prime Minister Abbas, I urge you today to end the designs of those who seek destruction, annihilation and occupation, and I urge you to have the will and the courage to begin to realize our dreams of peace, prosperity and coexistence.
'The Impossible Dream' is, in my opinion, one of the greatest songs ever written. Here is a man, an old man, a very old man full of daring, bravery, courage, determination, romanticism and dreams.
My work is to reach people with ideas, hopes, dreams, encouragement, insight, and revelation. That's what an actor wants to do.
One of the greatest gifts my father gave me - unintentionally - was witnessing the courage with which he bore adversity. We had a bit of a rollercoaster life with some really challenging financial periods. He was always unshaken, completely tranquil, the same ebullient, laughing, jovial man.
Don't wish me happiness - I don't expect to be happy it's gotten beyond that, somehow. Wish me courage and strength and a sense of humor - I will need them all.
I saw courage both in the Vietnam War and in the struggle to stop it. I learned that patriotism includes protest, not just military service.
No matter what you think about the Iraq war, there is one thing we can all agree on for the next days - we have to salute the courage and bravery of those who are risking their lives to vote and those brave Iraqi and American soldiers fighting to protect their right to vote.
I know that war and mayhem run in our blood. I refuse to believe that they must dominate our lives. We humans are animals, too, but animals with amazing powers of rationality, morality, society. We can use our strength and courage not to savage each other, but to defend our highest purposes.
War alone brings up to their highest tension all human energies and imposes the stamp of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to make it.
War is fear cloaked in courage.
There is no glory in war, yet from the blackness of its history, there emerge vivid colours of human character and courage. Those who risked their lives to help their friends.
War paralyzes your courage and deadens the spirit of true manhood.
When we tackle obstacles, we find hidden reserves of courage and resilience we did not know we had. And it is only when we are faced with failure do we realise that these resources were always there within us. We only need to find them and move on with our lives.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
Often the difference between a successful man and a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on his ideas, to take a calculated risk, and to act.
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one's ideas, to take a calculated risk - and to act.
Different parts of the world have different attitudes to failure. Arguably, it may take more courage to be an entrepreneur in Sydney, or Paris, or London, or Japan, or Singapore... but an entrepreneur sees the world for what it could be, not what it is.
A grateful heart is a beginning of greatness. It is an expression of humility. It is a foundation for the development of such virtues as prayer, faith, courage, contentment, happiness, love, and well-being.
I love fairy tales because of their haunting beauty and magical strangeness. They are set in worlds where anything can happen. Frogs can be kings, a thicket of brambles can hide a castle where a royal court has lain asleep for a hundred years, a boy can outwit a giant, and a girl can break a curse with nothing but her courage and steadfastness.
Daring to set boundaries is about having the courage to love ourselves, even when we risk disappointing others.
Because we men have been physically stronger and more arrogant, we've influenced much of the cool stuff of the world, like basing the definition of courage on what we do on battlefields rather than on the patience or endurance or tolerance necessary for a sometimes painful daily grind that includes small children.
Throughout my scientific career, my wife has been my most constant collaborator. Her experimental skill made major contributions to the work; she has eased for me beyond measure the difficulties of communication that accompany deafness; her encouragement and fortitude have been my strongest supports.
Sailing a boat calls for quick action, a blending of feeling with the wind and water as well as with the very heart and soul of the boat itself. Sailing teaches alertness and courage, and gives in return a joyousness and peace that but few sports afford.
Life is the most exciting opportunity we have. But we have one shot. You graduate from college once, and that's it. You're going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage that's deep, deep, deep in there. Every step of the way.
My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.
Since I was a little girl, I have witnessed the strength and courage that energized my mother, who left every sorrow and pain in the past, who would work unyieldingly to obtain her goals, who was the great warrior from whom I learned all the values that are today fundamental pillars of my every day.
Mostly, my flying has been solo, but the preparation for it wasn't. Without my husband's help and encouragement, I could not have attempted what I have. Ours has been a contented and reasonable partnership, he with his solo jobs and I with mine. But always with work and play together, conducted under a satisfactory system of dual control.
If you are a leader, you should never forget that everyone needs encouragement. And everyone who receives it - young or old, successful or less-than-successful, unknown or famous - is changed by it.
He who knows no hardships will know no hardihood. He who faces no calamity will need no courage. Mysterious though it is, the characteristics in human nature which we love best grow in a soil with a strong mixture of troubles.
But when women are moved and lend help, when women, who are by nature calm and controlled, give encouragement and applause, when virtuous and knowledgeable women grace the endeavor with their sweet love, then it is invincible.
Let who will boast their courage in the field, I find but little safety from my shield, Nature's, not honour's law we must obey: This made me cast my useless shield away.
The enchanting charms of this sublime science reveal only to those who have the courage to go deeply into it.
Science is imagination in the service of the verifiable truth, and that service is indeed communal. It cannot be rigidly planned. Rather, it requires freedom and courage and the plural contributions of many different kinds of people who must maintain their individuality while giving to the group.
Heroes represent the best of ourselves, respecting that we are human beings. A hero can be anyone from Gandhi to your classroom teacher, anyone who can show courage when faced with a problem. A hero is someone who is willing to help others in his or her best capacity.
Among the great names that adorn the roll of Nobel prize-winners in Medicine is that of Otto Meyerhof, my admired teacher and friend, to whose inspiration, guidance and encouragement I owe so very much.
It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.
Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.'
The more I see of deer, the more I admire them as mountaineers. They make their way into the heart of the roughest solitudes with smooth reserve of strength, through dense belts of brush and forest encumbered with fallen trees and boulder piles, across canons, roaring streams, and snow-fields, ever showing forth beauty and courage.
If one suffers we all suffer. Togetherness is strength. Courage.
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline simulated fear postulates courage simulated weakness postulates strength.
It is only necessary to have courage, for strength without self-confidence is useless.
Elizabeth Keckley was a woman of remarkable strength, courage, perseverance, and dignity. She was exceptionally talented, but also very diligent and ambitious, and together those qualities enabled her to deliver herself from slavery and become a successful businesswoman.
The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity.
Courage conquers all things: it even gives strength to the body.
Give us grace and strength to forbear and to persevere. Give us courage and gaiety and the quiet mind, spare to us our friends, soften to us our enemies.
It's so easy to be there when it's all sunshine, but it really takes strength and courage to be there for each other during the dark times.
There were times when chemo would eat my body, but I told myself that I have the strength and courage to win and come out stronger.
When we read stories of heroes, we identify with them. We take the journey with them. We see how the obstacles almost overcome them. We see how they grow as human beings or gain qualities or show great qualities of strength and courage and with them, we grow in some small way.
I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage.
We get strength and encouragement from watching children.
People shouldn't look at me and think life is one big piece of glamour. That's the marketing, the spin. Life is challenging. But I have courage, strength, and enough good health to see the positive.
Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character had abounded; and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and courage which it contained.
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength.
It takes great courage to be vulnerable. It takes enormous strength to be a real woman.
I think we women underrate ourselves when it comes to our courage and strength.
School integration did not come to be the day after the Brown ruling was issued. Progress took years, and it took passion, strength, and courage from a large group of committed individuals.
While President Bush likes to project an image of strength and courage, the real truth is that in the presence of his large financial contributors, he is a moral coward.
My mother taught me about the power of inspiration and courage, and she did it with a strength and a passion that I wish could be bottled.
Men have a psychological need to show off their courage and strength. When he sees you talking to another guy, that instinct kicks in and he jumps to protect you and prove he's worthy of your love.
I never modeled myself after anyone. The person who had most influence on me was my mother, but it was really for her strength and courage more than her style, even though she had a lot of style. In a weird way, looking at pictures of me when I was 17 or 18, I was dressing the same way. I haven't changed very much.
I once wrote a book on courage and what made people courageous. I found it was a strength of belief matched by a strength of willpower.
Whenever I see John Lewis, I invariably say, 'Thank you.' And I will never stop. I don't know how he's still standing, because what he endured took courage and strength that I don't know that I have.
I think there's a great strength in having the courage and also having the support to do what you want to do when you're an artist in any way, shape or form.
Without strength and courage it's really hard to perform at the highest levels of international figure skating, because you're alone on the ice and you only have seven minutes over two nights to prove yourself.
When spirituality is the basis of your life, it gives you the strength, wisdom and courage to surmount the many storms of life that could destroy a weaker person who doesn't have this foundation.
But after this natural burst of indignation, no man of sense, courage, or prudence will waste his time or his strength in retrospective reproaches or repinings.
Amongst the qualities a hero should have, I would include determination, loyalty, courage, perseverance, patience, focus, intrepidity and selflessness.
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.
Patience, that blending of moral courage with physical timidity.
A statesman wants courage and a statesman wants vision; but believe me, after six months' experience, he wants first, second, third and all the time - patience.
Basically, discipline, effort, patience and courage are hugely important core values for kids to grow up embracing.
I pray they will carry on in spite of that dreadful monster prejudice, and with patience, courage, fortitude and perseverance achieve success for themselves.
I think the Iraqi people have shown extraordinary patience and courage in the last few months. They have really put a political system on the way to success, to a real democracy here.
We are telling the American people to have patience, courage, resolve and determination.
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway.
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.
If we can understand that death is not the end but is really a transition into the next life, the great part of life, that frees us up into receiving God's courage and his help.
In all the difficult decisions that I made through the course of running Loudcloud and Opsware, I never once felt brave. In fact, I often felt scared to death. I never lost those feelings, but after much practice, I learned to ignore them. That learning process might also be called the courage development process.
When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end.
My brother had the courage to come out in 1978, when equality was still a distant dream.
Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is a time to honor the greatest champion of racial equality who taught a nation - through compassion and courage - about democracy, nonviolence and racial justice.
A lot of people ask me, 'How did you have the courage to walk up to record labels when you were 12 or 13 and jump right into the music industry?' It's because I knew I could never feel the kind of rejection that I felt in middle school. Because in the music industry, if they're gonna say no to you, at least they're gonna be polite about it.
When somebody who makes movies for a living - either as an actor, writer, producer or director - lives to be a certain age, you have to admire them. It is an act of courage to make a film - a courage for which you are not prepared in the rest of life. It is very hard and very destructive. But we do it because we love it.
In fact, my courage and my bravery at a young age was the thing I was bullied for, a kind of 'Who do you think you are?'
The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage.
At my aunt's funeral, I promised myself that I wouldn't be bound by the belief that I'm supposed to stay in anything - whether it's a relationship, a job, a house, or a circumstance - if it makes me miserable. She gave me the courage to find my own happiness.
With compassion you can die for other people, like the mother who can die for her child. You have the courage to say it because you are not afraid of losing anything, because you know that understanding and love is the foundation of happiness. But if you have fear of losing your status, your position, you will not have the courage to do it.
Values are principles and ideas that bring meaning to the seemingly mundane experience of life. A meaningful life that ultimately brings happiness and pride requires you to respond to temptations as well as challenges with honor, dignity, and courage.
Those who won our independence... valued liberty as an end and as a means. They believed liberty to be the secret of happiness and courage to be the secret of liberty.
Then there is a still higher type of courage - the courage to brave pain, to live with it, to never let others know of it and to still find joy in life; to wake up in the morning with an enthusiasm for the day ahead.
Genius is talent set on fire by courage.
Intelligence, integrity and courage are the great pillars that support the State. Above all, the citizens of a free nation should honor the brave and independent man - the man of stainless integrity, of will and intellectual force.
An able, disinterested, public-spirited press, with trained intelligence to know the right and courage to do it, can preserve that public virtue without which popular government is a sham and a mockery.
Alas, nothing reveals man the way war does. Nothing so accentuates in him the beauty and ugliness, the intelligence and foolishness, the brutishness and humanity, the courage and cowardice, the enigma.
In my experience as CEO, I found that the most important decisions tested my courage far more than my intelligence.
Men create real miracles when they use their God-given courage and intelligence.
No one in my family was a reader of literary fiction. So, I didn't have encouragement, but I didn't have discouragement, because I don't think anybody knew what that meant.
Practicing in the trial work trenches of the law, I saw, too, that when we judges don our robes, it doesn't make us any smarter, but it does serve as a reminder of what's expected of us: Impartiality and independence, collegiality and courage.
At the end of the day, New Yorkers need a mayor who understands the problems they face, brings a smart plan and good people to the table, and, more than anything, has the independence, courage and conviction to do the right thing.
You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence.
I admire the courage and self-reliance it takes to start your own business and make it succeed.
You cannot build character and courage by destroying men's initiative and independence.
I look back at the looks I've had over the years. I'm proud of myself that I had the courage to experiment with crazy hairstyles and some fashion things. Would I do it again? No. But that's part of the learning process and getting from point A to point B.
The Gross National Product measures neither our wit nor our courage, neither our wisdom nor our learning, neither our compassion nor our devotion to our country. It measures everything, in short, except that which makes life worthwhile, and it can tell us everything about America - except whether we are proud to be Americans.
Students teach all sorts of things but most importantly they make explicit the courage that it takes to be a learner, the courage it takes to open yourself to the transformative power of real learning and that courage I am exposed to almost every day at MIT and that I'm deeply grateful for.
Religion in its humility restores man to his only dignity, the courage to live by grace.
I'm a writer of faith who worries about the intolerance of religion. I look at the past and fear we haven't learned from it. I believe that humanity is capable of evil as well as great acts of courage and goodness. I have hope. Deep down, I believe in the human spirit, although sometimes that belief is shaken.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
Encouragement to others is something everyone can give. Somebody needs what you have to give. It may not be your money it may be your time. It may be your listening ear. It may be your arms to encourage. It may be your smile to uplift. Who knows?
There never is a good time for tough decisions. There will always be an election or something else. You have to pick courage and do it. Governance is about taking tough, even unpopular, decisions.
Childbirth is more admirable than conquest, more amazing than self-defense, and as courageous as either one.
For a man to strike any women is most brutal, and I, as well as everyone else, think this far worse than any attempt to shoot, which, wicked as it is, is at least more comprehensible and more courageous.
I realize now that I've hoped to be great - as an actress, as a mother - because I want to embody the greatness of women who didn't get to be all they could have been. Their dignity, their courage, and their brilliance make me strive to be better. They're a part of me.
Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have.
All Americans should take great pride in the men and women serving our nation in Iraq and in the courage, determination, resilience and initiative they demonstrate each and every day. It remains the greatest of honors to soldier with them.
Employees are a company's greatest asset - they're your competitive advantage. You want to attract and retain the best; provide them with encouragement, stimulus, and make them feel that they are an integral part of the company's mission.
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.
The best thing to do is stare it in the face and move on. We have to face our fears and plow through. I think taking chances takes a lot more courage than staying stagnant and doing what's safe and comfortable.
Goodness is about character - integrity, honesty, kindness, generosity, moral courage, and the like. More than anything else, it is about how we treat other people.
We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends.
A good director creates an environment, which gives the actor the encouragement to fly.
There is nothing better than the encouragement of a good friend.
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
One individual can begin a movement that turns the tide of history. Martin Luther King in the civil rights movement, Mohandas Ganhi in India, Nelson Mandela in South Africa are examples of people standing up with courage and non-violence to bring about needed changes.
What has made America amazing has been the fact that throughout our history, throughout the more than 200 years of our history, there have been men and women of courage who stood up and decided it was more important to look out for the future of their children and their grandchildren than their own political futures.
Why should we honour those that die upon the field of battle? A man may show as reckless a courage in entering into the abyss of himself.
In the Confederate Army, an officer was judged by stark courage alone, and this made it possible for the Confederacy to live four years.
As the first Hispanic female governor in history, little girls often come up to me in the grocery store or the mall. They look and point, and when they get the courage, they ask 'Are you Susana?' and they run up and give me a hug.
It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new. But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful. There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power.
He that fails in his endeavors after wealth or power will not long retain either honesty or courage.
The sea - this truth must be confessed - has no generosity. No display of manly qualities - courage, hardihood, endurance, faithfulness - has ever been known to touch its irresponsible consciousness of power.
Determination, energy, and courage appear spontaneously when we care deeply about something. We take risks that are unimaginable in any other context.
The criteria for serving one's country should be competence, courage and willingness to serve. When we deny people the chance to serve because of their sexual orientation, we deprive them of their rights of citizenship, and we deprive our armed forces the service of willing and capable Americans.
Nobody has yet proven that taking a chance and doing something unique that an audience isn't used to is a bad idea. What the theater lacks is that kind of courage.
Readers of fiction read, I think, for a deeper embrace of the world, of reality. And that's brave. I never get over being thankful for that - for the courage of my readers.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other.
When you receive God's love and encouragement, it will empower you to do more than you ever thought possible.
Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval.
I'm grateful to God for His bountiful gifts... He gave me courage and faith in myself.
Each of you is a unique child of God. God knows you individually. He sends messages of encouragement, correction, and direction fitted to you and to your needs.
I wish that the Indians believed me a god, for upon the report of an enemy's valor oftentimes depends the success of a battle, and false reports have many times done as great things as true courage and resolution.
Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
The courage of a soldier is heightened by his knowledge of his profession.
Way down deep, we're all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you; all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence.
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
The eagle has no fear of adversity. We need to be like the eagle and have a fearless spirit of a conqueror!
We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.
For me, it's not necessarily interesting to play a strong, fearless woman. It's interesting to play a woman who is terrified and then overcomes that fear. It's about the journey. Courage is not the absence of fear, it's overcoming it.
Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence.
Just as courage is the danger of life, so is fear its safeguard.
Valor grows by daring, fear by holding back.
Always be courageous and strong, and don't fear.
Let us go forth with fear and courage and rage to save the world.
Courage is managing fear to accomplish what you want to accomplish. And it's a great demonstration of love. It's really what love is. It's finding areas in which other people are more important than you.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
Audacity augments courage; hesitation, fear.
Courage is a peculiar kind of fear.
Grades don't measure tenacity, courage, leadership, guts or whatever you want to call it. Teachers or any other persons in a position of authority should never tell anybody they will not succeed because they did not get all A's in school.
Leadership requires the courage to make decisions that will benefit the next generation.
Leadership is an individual sport, one that has to be fine-tuned to each of the people that reports to you. Leaders also need to provide the direction, energy, encouragement and inspiration for each person who reports directly to the leader as well as for the overall organization.
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.
I know that millions of Americans from all walks of life agree with me that leadership does not mean putting the ear to the ground to follow public opinion, but to have the vision of what is necessary and the courage to make it possible.
I'd like to see where boys and girls end up if they get equal encouragement - I think we might have some differences in how leadership is done.
In the South, there was absence of any leadership corresponding in breadth and courage to that of Abraham Lincoln.
My student days in PSG saw three Prime Ministers, two wars, taught us courage, resilience, leadership and optimism.
Washington's answer to a self-inflicted financial crisis reminded Americans why they so deeply distrust the political class. The 'fiscal cliff' process was secretive and sloppy, and the nation's so-called leadership lacked the political courage to address our root problems: joblessness and debt.
Leadership is about having the courage to go against the advice of the so-called experts and doing what your instinct tells you is right.
Well, I think that - I think leadership's always been about two main things: imagination and courage.
Through the inspiration of Vaclav's words, the courage of his dissidence and the integrity of his leadership, Czechoslovakia successfully transitioned from an authoritarian state to a free democracy at the heart of Europe.
Have the courage to say no. Have the courage to face the truth. Do the right thing because it is right. These are the magic keys to living your life with integrity.
The truth is: Belonging starts with self-acceptance. Your level of belonging, in fact, can never be greater than your level of self-acceptance, because believing that you're enough is what gives you the courage to be authentic, vulnerable and imperfect.
The preservation of peace and the guaranteeing of man's basic freedoms and rights require courage and eternal vigilance: courage to speak and act - and if necessary, to suffer and die - for truth and justice; eternal vigilance, that the least transgression of international morality shall not go undetected and unremedied.
Two qualities are indispensable: first, an intellect that, even in the darkest hour, retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to truth; and second, the courage to follow this faint light wherever it may lead.
You must have love as the core it takes courage to be willing to constantly tell the truth to each other and risk letting the relationship go.
Falsehood is cowardice, the truth courage.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
It's a courageous thing to do something that doesn't have rules or limits.
A timid person is frightened before a danger, a coward during the time, and a courageous person afterward.
People have told me that I'm courageous, but I have seen greater courage.
The minute a person whose word means a great deal to others dare to take the open-hearted and courageous way, many others follow.
I really enjoy being with my fans. They offer great support and encouragement to me. I like signing autographs and posing for pictures.
To avoid becoming chronically unemployed, people need more than platitudes offering sympathy. Career reinvention requires encouragement and guidance.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
The proper governmental policy in a depression is strict laissez-faire, including stringent budget slashing, and coupled perhaps with positive encouragement for credit contraction.
Although the war in which you fought took place more than half-a-century ago, your courage, your sacrifice and your patriotism reaches through the decades and inspires us today.
It is our conduct, our patriotism and belief in our American way of life, our courage that will win the final battle.
That bedrock faith that I could write was what blinded me to attempts to discourage me.
Faith is reason grown courageous.
My production style is all about imagination. I want my audience to use their imagination when they watch my videos. My goal is for my voice to be that little hope of encouragement in your head when you walk out your door.
We can create a new kind of politics: kinder, more respectful, but courageous, too.
Encouragement to others is something everyone can give. Somebody needs what you have to give. It may not be your money it may be your time. It may be your listening ear. It may be your arms to encourage. It may be your smile to uplift. Who knows?
Nine tenths of education is encouragement.
When you encourage others, you in the process are encouraged because you're making a commitment and difference in that person's life. Encouragement really does make a difference.
I never expected any sort of success with 'Mockingbird'... I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement.
A knowledgeable and courageous U.S. president could help enormously in leading the world's nations toward saving the climate.
