I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor. If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. Simple as that.
That was when it was all made painfully clear to me. When you are a child, there is joy. There is laughter. And most of all, there is trust. Trust in your fellows. When you are an adult...then comes suspicion, hatred, and fear. If children ran the world, it would be a place of eternal bliss and cheer. Adults run the world; and there is war, and enmity, and destruction unending. Adults who take charge of things muck them up, and then produce a new generation of children and say, "The children are the hope of the future." And they are right. Children are the hope of the future. But adults are the damnation of the present, and children become adults as surely as adults become worm food. Adults are the death of hope.
Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.
It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.
If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.
Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.
It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.
Good people see the good and bring out the best in other people.
What you stay focused on will grow.
If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.
7 Effective Ways to Make Others Feel Important 1. Use their name.2. Express sincere gratitude.3. Do more listening than talking.4. Talk more about them than about you.5. Be authentically interested.6. Be sincere in your praise.7. Show you care.
Great leaders can see the greatness in others when they can’t see it themselves and lead them to their highest potential they don’t even know.
One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important.
Great Leaders Create More LeadersGood leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.
Consistency is the true foundation of trust. Either keep your promises or do not make them.
Change course, but don’t give up.
One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important. Most people enjoy those rare moments when others make them feel important. It is one of the deepest human desires.
Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.
Don't blow off another's candle for it won't make yours shine brighter.
Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.
One of the best ways to influence people is to make those around you feel important.
Don't set your goals by what other people deem important.
The more you talk about them, the more important they will feel. The more you listen to them, the more important you will make them feel.
Real change is difficult at the beginning, but gorgeous at the end. Change begins the moment you get the courage and step outside your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.
Remember that things are not always as they appear to be… Curiosity creates possibilities and opportunities.
Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the choices you make and the actions you take today.
I don’t see myself being special; I just see myself having more responsibilities than the next man. People look to me to do things for them, to have answers.
Focus on making choices to lead your life that aligns with your core values in the most purposeful way possible.
One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone’s motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.
If you want to build a ship, don’t drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.
The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
Truly powerful people have great humility. They do not try to impress, they do not try to be influential. They simply are. People are magnetically drawn to them. They are most often very silent and focused, aware of their core selves. ... They never persuade, nor do they use manipulation or aggressiveness to get their way. They listen. If there is anything they can offer to assist you, they offer it; if not, they are silent.
I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
Leaders live by choice, not by accident.
Jesus said several times, “Come, follow me.” His was a program of “do what I do,” rather than “do what I say.” His innate brilliance would have permitted him to put on a dazzling display, but that would have left his followers far behind. He walked and worked with those he was to serve. His was not a long-distance leadership. He was not afraid of close friendships; he was not afraid that proximity to him would disappoint his followers. The leaven of true leadership cannot lift others unless we are with and serve those to be led.
With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most. You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies. Those do not die.
Being a leader is making the people you love hate you a little more each day.
Personally, I like it much better when someone else does the decision making. That way you have legitimate grounds to whine and complain. I tend to find both whining and complaining quite interesting and amusing, though sometimes--unfortunately--it's hard to choose which one of the two I want to do.Sigh. LIfe can be so tough sometimes.
Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are
To be a philosopher, just reverse everything you have ever been told...and have a sense of humor doing it.
YOU ARE JUSTYou are not just for the right or left,but for what is right over the wrong.You are not just rich or poor,but always wealthy in the mind and heart.You are not perfect, but flawed.You are flawed, but you are just.You may just be conscious human,but you are also a magnificentreflection of God.
A man who tells you to follow him will turn his followers into his company, while a true leader who does not tell you to follow him, will sit in the company of his followers.
Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey.
A good leader leads with compassion and love, not fear and blood. A country that harms its people because they are not happy with the leader - is not a country that belongs to the people, but to the leader.
Ask yourself: what is it, that if I believed it down to my core, would change everything?
Too many kings can ruin an army
Selflessness. Humility. Truthfulness. These are the three marks of an honorable man.
Our power lies in our small daily choices, one after another, to create eternal ripples of a life well lived.
A conscious human is driven by their conscience, not popular opinion.
A system is corrupt when it is strictly profit-driven, not driven to serve the best interests of its people.
A noble leader answers not to the trumpet calls of self promotion, but to the hushed whispers of necessity.
High above the noise and fear mongering of critics and cynics softly speaks your true self.
The Anatomy of Conflict:If there is no communication then there is no respect. If there is no respect then there is no caring. If there is no caring then there is no understanding. If there is no understanding then there is no compassion. If there is no compassion then there is no empathy. If there is no empathy then there is no forgiveness. If there is no forgiveness then there is no kindness. If there is no kindness then there is no honesty. If there is no honesty then there is no love. If there is no love then God doesn't reside there. If God doesn't reside there then there is no peace. If there is no peace then there is no happiness. If there is no happiness ----then there IS CONFLICT BECAUSE THERE IS NO COMMUNICATION!
Fortunately, God made all varieties of people with a wide variety of interests and abilities. He has called people of every race and color who have been hurt by life in every manner imaginable. Even the scars of past abuse and injury can be the means of bringing healing to another. What wonderful opportunities to make disciples!
God has always been about the business of shattering expectations, and in our culture, the standards of leadership are extroverted. It perfectly follows the biblical trend that God would choose the unexpected and the culturally "unfit" - like introverts - to lead his church for the sake of greater glory.
Don’t let mental blocks control you. Set yourself free. Confront your fear and turn the mental blocks into building blocks.
It is not until you change your identity to match your life blueprint that you will understand why everything in the past never worked.
The world’s greatest achievers have been those who have always stayed focussed on their goals and have been consistent in their efforts.
[The wives of powerful noblemen] must be highly knowledgeable about government, and wise – in fact, far wiser than most other such women in power. The knowledge of a baroness must be so comprehensive that she can understand everything. Of her a philosopher might have said: "No one is wise who does not know some part of everything." Moreover, she must have the courage of a man. This means that she should not be brought up overmuch among women nor should she be indulged in extensive and feminine pampering. Why do I say that? If barons wish to be honoured as they deserve, they spend very little time in their manors and on their own lands. Going to war, attending their prince's court, and traveling are the three primary duties of such a lord. So the lady, his companion, must represent him at home during his absences. Although her husband is served by bailiffs, provosts, rent collectors, and land governors, she must govern them all. To do this according to her right she must conduct herself with such wisdom that she will be both feared and loved. As we have said before, the best possible fear comes from love. When wronged, her men must be able to turn to her for refuge. She must be so skilled and flexible that in each case she can respond suitably. Therefore, she must be knowledgeable in the mores of her locality and instructed in its usages, rights, and customs. She must be a good speaker, proud when pride is needed; circumspect with the scornful, surly, or rebellious; and charitably gentle and humble toward her good, obedient subjects. With the counsellors of her lord and with the advice of elder wise men, she ought to work directly with her people. No one should ever be able to say of her that she acts merely to have her own way. Again, she should have a man's heart. She must know the laws of arms and all things pertaining to warfare, ever prepared to command her men if there is need of it. She has to know both assault and defence tactics to insure that her fortresses are well defended, if she has any expectation of attack or believes she must initiate military action. Testing her men, she will discover their qualities of courage and determination before overly trusting them. She must know the number and strength of her men to gauge accurately her resources, so that she never will have to trust vain or feeble promises. Calculating what force she is capable of providing before her lord arrives with reinforcements, she also must know the financial resources she could call upon to sustain military action. She should avoid oppressing her men, since this is the surest way to incur their hatred. She can best cultivate their loyalty by speaking boldly and consistently to them, according to her council, not giving one reason today and another tomorrow. Speaking words of good courage to her men-at-arms as well as to her other retainers, she will urge them to loyalty and their best efforts.
No matter how tiny you look, you can lead huge men if you have what the huge men don't have.
Believe in yourself. Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work.
FOCUS = Follow On Course Until Successful.
Some people today are wandering generalities instead of meaningful specifics because they have failed to discover and mine the wealth of potentials in them.
We are no longer in the dispensation of age and experience. We are in the era of knowledge and information. Information leads a true leader and a true leader leads others.
True confidence is not about what you take from someone to restore yourself, but what you give back to your critics because they need it more than you do.
Leadership is all about caring, daring and sharing!Caring for people, Daring to Act fearlessly,& Sharing the success with all!
When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership
Freedom flourishes upon the bedrock of ethics and integrity.
A true leader should have the power to begin, the eloquence to communicate, the patience to execute and the wisdom to evaluate. Without one, he remains a slave to he who possesses it.
A leader, without wisdom, is dangerous. A wise person, without leadership, is useless. But if they work together, they are unstoppable.
We rely on our education, on our judgment and our intuition to make decisions, but sometimes we find ourselves in the most dangerous scenario we can be in as individuals or as team, when we don’t know that we don’t know but we believe we do know.
I call for all religions, cultures, countries, crews, parties and peacemakers to unite for the sake of building a peaceful, united global village for future generations. It starts TODAY. If we stay divided, we will only remain crippled - and we will fall. It is time for everyone to see there is more for us to GAIN through unity and love than hatred and division. Get wise and unite. This is the only way. We need to start fresh with a truly united perspective.
Humility is the courage to be honest with yourself and those around you.
Be humble: have the courage to speak the truth.
I believe that the best leadership is loud authenticity. That is what the world needs now. We don’t need more plastic, Photoshooped perfection. I don’t want people to look at me and wish they could be me. I want people to look at me and see their own potential. I want people to be more accepting of their own failures, imperfections, and struggles because they watch me accept of my own.
If you are someone who dislikes, condemns and rejects new ideas, you aren’t fit to lead.
We seek excellence before we seek understanding, wisdom before we gain knowledge, success before we understand hardwork; for this reason we need great teachers and leaders.
To make your Opinion Count,you have to do something morethan just making Money.
I believe in what you see is what you get, but I also believe in what you see is getting better!
I believe in what you see is what you get, but I also believe in what you see is getting better.
In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders.
Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.
Step out of your comfort zone. Comfort zones, where your unrealized dreams are buried, are the enemies of achievement. Leadership begins when you step outside your comfort zone.
Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity.
We have to be honest about what we want and take risks rather than lie to ourselves and make excuses to stay in our comfort zone.
Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, doing as you say you would do.
Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.
When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
When we aren't curious in conversations we judge, tell, blame and even shame, often without even knowing it, which leads to conflict." -The Power Of Curiosity: How To Have Real Conversations That Create Collaboration, Innovation and Understanding
Mere talents does not give glory to God but a humble heart.
Comfort zone: simply means the routine of one’s daily life – it is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure.
Manipulation is not of God, it is the highest form of sorcery for it enslave the soul to the will of man.....
The road to success begins with knowing what you need to know and why
Always assume your assumptions about others are wrong. Because often, they are
The agony of defeat is always greater than the pain of preparing for victory.
Champions realise that defeat - and learning from it even more than from winning - is part of the path to mastery.
I work to make human beings out of human bodies. I work to make conscience out of mindlessness. I work to make Gods out of obedient worshippers.
O my brave Almighty Human, with the ever-effulgent flow of courage, conscience and compassion, turn yourself into a vivacious humanizer, and start walking with bold footsteps while eliminating racism, terminating misogyny, destroying homophobia and all other primitiveness that have turned humanity into the most inhuman species on earth.
Reach out and help others. If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. Be a vessel, be the change, be the difference, or be the inspiration. Shine your light as an example. The world needs more of that.
You have a nearly a 0% chance of affecting change in others attitudes, behaviors, and skullduggery. However, you have a 100% chance of affecting your own attitude, behavior, resiliency, and reaction to all things within your direct ability to shape the outcome.
It’s better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
Let your light shine as an inspiration to humanity and BE THE REASON someone believes in the goodness of people.
Leaders cannot build a successful nation once they are yoked to these two evils, ignorance and greed.
Visionary decision-making happens at the intersection of intuition and logic.
If you are too big to be impacted by your local church, then maybe you are to small to impact the world.
Be the voice, that can be heard without a microphone.
If the stage doesn´t change you, you can change people without being on a stage.
If you can`t listen to people, they hardly will follow you.
You don´t need a stage to prove that you´re a bad speaker.
You really don´t need followers to prove that you´re not a leader.
Influence can be the worst gun nowadays.
If the vision is not strong enough to motivate me, I am part of the wrong vision.
Real leaders can change the world, but the world will not change real leaders.
When you're about to judge, look in the mirror and start.
Pay attention before speaking for attention.
Motivational and moral books can change your present and future. Only The Bible can change your past.
If your vision is bigger than you are, look for partners who are bigger than your vision.
Many people spend more time looking at their failures than focusing on their successes.
Don’t blame others. it won’t make you a better person.
Becoming a great leader doesn’t mean being perfect. it means living with your imperfections.
Do not allow your inner doubts to keep you from achieving what you can do.
When your intuition is strong, follow it.
Intuition is a sense of knowing how to act decisively without needing to know why.
Invest in studies which encourages you to invest in people.
I always keep my dreams so high, that you can keep laughing about it and I can keep growing for it.
Speaking doesn´t make you a Leader, but if you have Leadership skills, people want to hear you speak.
An idea that does not take some risks, is probably an idea not worth taking.
The growthzone is the zone where teacher and student are both students.
Don’t set your own goals by what other people make important.
Focus on how far you have come in liferather than looking at the accomplishments of others.
Self-assurance reassures others and reassures yourself.
Greatness means setting out to make some difference somewhere to someone in someplace.
Choose your counsel, company and companions wisely: beware seeking wise words of advice from a fool or expecting informed opinions or decisions from the ignorant.
The worst enemy of our humanity is our self-doubt.
When we allow negative messages to fester in our head, they take on a life of their own.
Don’t let any situation intimidate you, defeat you, or conquer you. you are stronger and smarter than anything that challenges you.
To encourage people, walk beside them. To inspire people, walk in front of them. To drive people, walk behind them. To lead people, walk with them.
When your sense of self and happiness comes from within and isn't a roller coaster ride dependent on others or circumstances, you approach life differently. You make better choices. You draw to you the people and situations that matter. The others, they fall away.
Live a life that fits your specific circumstances, not one that fits someone else’s expectations
You can’t shower happiness on others without getting few drops back on yourself.
You can’t afford to limit your joy. It has been proven several times that angry people are never happy people.
Anyone who wants to prevent you from making other people happy is an enemy. If you are stopping yourself from making others happy, you are your own enemy.
You put your own joy in prison if you work hard to make other people’s happiness suffocate.
Do what you can with all love and passion irrespective of whether it pays you well or not. Joy in the result lives longer than the joy in the reward.
The essence of one life is empowering another life, and so your passion has to be linked to the liberation of other people’s happiness.
Hatred is a burden that can hunt you day by day, robbing you off your personal joy in broad day light.
You are a Hero. Be Heroic. Always.
Haters can never rejoice especially when their enemy wins. The moment you can’t be happy when someone wins, watch yourself. That habit is not good for you.
Advice to my younger self:1 Start where you are with what you have2 Try not to hurt other people3 Take more chances4 If you fail, keep trying
LIFE - Death's Very Emissary
True Success is about A Winners Heart-Mind-set that enables, energizes and empowers Leadership and SWIFT Actions that Ensure REAL Success and Sustained Long-Term Freedom, Love, Abundance, Peace, Meaning and Joy.” ― Tony "Success Activator" Dovale
As Technology Revolutionizes the Workplace, we must Revolutionise our thinking to make the Workplace a HUMANE and GREAT place to Work.. or we will surely lose our Souls to business profiteers.
A Revolutionary, High-Performance, Workplace is one where the culture is Consciously Constructive. That is EVERYONE is developed, on a daily basis, towards their full potential, to achieve exponential impacts and results, supporting People, Planet & Profits.
Everybody needs to be good-natured with a good heart, because in this way we can solve our own problems as well as those of others, and we can make our human life meaningful.
We do not recognize that we are addicted to some negative psychological habit, some terribly self-destructive patterns of thinking...
We are living a fantasy life in our heads, and our real life is passing by, moment by moment.Life is only lived in moments: anything else is a fantasy, a lie, an illusion.
Karma is a balance sheet of life which debits and credit all your deeds.YourWhich is audited by our creator and actions are based on what we accumulated in it.
Karma is the balance sheet of life which debits and credit all your deeds.YourWhich is audited by our creator and actions are based on what we accumulated in it.
We create karma by all kinds of selfish actions.The first thing we must understand is that we are psychologically asleep.It is very difficult for us to be conscious of ourselves. We are not very aware. We must come to recognize that we do not pay attention.
Self-observation is simply the observation of an internal state and an external event. It is pure awareness, which gives one the ability to choose one's actions. Only by having the choice can one perform what is right.
Desires and Karma are the worst enemies living in the same soul together. It depends on us whom we choose and feed.
Even so have I given the womb of the earth to those that be sown in it in their times.
They that be born in the strength of youth are of one fashion, and they that are born in the time of age, when the womb fail, are otherwise.
Seeing thou hast now given me the way, I will proceed to speak before thee: for our mother, of whom thou hast told me that she is young, draw now nigh unto age.
Like as a young child may not bring forth the things that belong to the aged, even so have I disposed the world which I created.
What betrayed me? Was it my heart? Or my Soul?
Stand up upon the right side, and I shall expound the similitude unto thee.
Consider with thyself; as the rain is more than the drops, and as the fire is greater than the smoke; but the drops and the smoke remain behind: so the quantity which is past did more exceed.
As for the tokens whereof thou ask me, I may tell thee of them in part: but as touching thy life, I am not sent to shew thee.
Iniquity shall be increased above that which now thou see, or that thou hast heard long ago.
The land, that thou see now to have root, shall thou see wasted suddenly.
If the most High grant thee to live, thou shall see after the third trumpet that the sun shall suddenly shine again in the night, and the moon thrice in the day:
Blood shall drop out of wood, and the stone shall give his voice, and the people shall be troubled:
He shall rule, whom they look not for that dwell upon the earth, and the fowls shall take their flight away together:
The Sodomy sea shall cast out fish, and make a noise in the night, which many have not known: but they shall all hear the voice thereof.
There shall be confusion also in many places, and the fire shall be oft sent out again, and the wild beasts shall change their places, and menstruate women shall bring forth monsters:
Salt waters shall be found in the sweet, and all friends shall destroy one another; then shall wit hide itself, and understanding withdraw itself into his secret chamber-
One land also shall ask another, and say, ‘Is righteousness that makes a man righteous gone through thee?’ And it shall say, ‘No.
At the same time shall men hope, but nothing obtain: they shall labor, but their ways shall not prosper.
To shew thee such tokens I have leave; and if thou wilt pray again, and weep as now, and fast even days, thou shall hear yet greater things.
An extreme fearfulness moves through all your body, and your mind is troubled more.
After seven days of fasten so it was, that the thoughts of my heart were very grievous unto me- and my soul recovered the spirit of understanding.
Hear me, and I will instruct thee; hearken to the thing that I say, and I shall tell thee more.
Thou art sore troubled in mind for the people in the world’s sake: loves thou that people better than he that made them?
Number me the things that are not yet come- gather me together the dross that are scattered abroad- make me the flowers green again that are withered- Open me the places that are closed, and bring me forth the winds that in them are shut up- shew me the image of a voice: and then I will declare to thee the thing that thou labor to know.
O Lord that bear rule, who may know these things, but he that had not his dwelling with men?
As for you, you're unwise: how may you then speak of these things whereof thou ask you?
Like as thou canst do none of these things that I have spoken of, even so canst thou not find out my judgment, or in the end the love that I have promised unto my people.
Behold, O Lord, yet art thou nigh unto them that be reserved till the end: and what shall they do that have been before me, or we that be now, or they that shall come after us?
I will liken my judgment unto a ring: like as there is no slackness of the last, even so there is no swiftness of the first.
Could thou not make those that have been made, and be now, and that are for to come, at once; that thou might shew thy judgement the sooner?
As thou hast said unto thy servant, that thou, which gives life to all, hast given life at once to the creature that thou hast created, and the creature bare it: even so it might now also bear them that now be present at once.
Ask the womb of a woman, and say unto her, If thou bring forth children, why dost thou it not together, but one after another? pray her therefore to bring forth ten children at once.
She cannot: but must do it by distance of time.
How my adventures become your sins?
Go thy way, weigh me the weight of the fire, or measure me the blast of the wind, or call me again the day that is past.
What man is able to do that, that thou should ask such things of me?
If I should ask thee how great dwellings are in the midst of the sea, or how many springs are in the beginning of the deep, or how many springs are above the firmament, or which are the outgoings of paradise: Peradventure thou would say unto me, ‘I never went down into the deep, nor as yet into hell, neither did I ever climb up into heaven.
Nevertheless now have I asked thee but only of the fire and wind, and of the day where-through thou hast passed, and of things from which thou canst not be separated, and yet canst thou give me no answer of them.
Thine own things, and such as are grown up with thee, canst thou not know; How should thy vessel then be able to comprehend the way of the Highest, and, the world being now outwardly corrupted to understand the corruption that is evident in my sight?
It were better that we were not at all, than that we should live still in wickedness, and to suffer, and not to know wherefore.
I went into a forest into a plain, and the trees took counsel- And said, Come, let us go and make war against the sea that it may depart away before us, and that we may make us more woods. The floods of the sea also in like manner took counsel, and said, Come, let us go up and subdue the woods of the plain, that there also we may make us another country. The thought of the wood was in vain, for the fire came and consumed it. The thought of the floods of the sea came likewise to nought, for the sand stood up and stopped them. If thou wart judge now betwixt these two, whom would thou begin to justify? or whom would thou condemn?
Verily it is a foolish thought that they both have devised, for the ground is given unto the wood, and the sea also had its place to bear its floods.
Thou hast given a right judgment, but why judge thou not thyself also?
For like as the ground is given unto the wood, and the sea to his floods: even so they that dwell upon the earth may understand nothing but that which is upon the earth: and he that dwell above the heavens may only understand the things that are above the height of the heavens.
I beseech thee, O Lord, let me have understanding: For it was not my mind to be curious of the high things, but of such as pass by us daily.
Wherefore the present age is given up as a reproach to the heathen, and for what cause the people whom thou hast loved is given over unto ungodly nations?!
Why the law of our forefathers are brought to nought, and the written covenants come to none effect-
We pass away out of the world as grasshoppers, and our life is astonishment and fear, and we are not worthy to obtain mercy.
What will he then do unto his name whereby we are called? ...of these things have I asked.
The more thou search, the more thou shall marvel.
The more thou search, the more thou shall marvel; for the world hast fast to pass away-
The world hast fast to pass away- And cannot comprehend the things that are promised to the righteous in time to come: for this world is full of unrighteousness and infirmities.
As concerning the things whereof thou asked me, I will tell thee; for the evil is sown, but the destruction thereof is not yet come.
If therefore that which is sown be not turned upside down, and if the place where the evil is sown passes not away, then cannot it come that is sown with good?
The grain of evil seed had been sown in the heart of Adam from the beginning, and how much ungodliness had it brought up unto this time? and how much shall it yet bring forth until the time of threshing come?
Ponder now by thyself, how great fruit of wickedness the grain of evil seed had brought forth. And when the ears shall be cut down, which are without number, how great a floor shall they fill?
How, and when shall these things come to pass? wherefore are our years few and evil?
Do not thou hasten above the most Highest: for thy haste is in vain to be above him, for thou hast much exceeded.
Did not the souls also of the righteous ask question of these things in their chambers, saying, "How long shall I hope on this fashion?" when cometh the fruit of the floor of our reward?
O Lord that bear rule, even we all are full of impiety. And for our sakes peradventure it is that the floors of the righteous are not filled, because of the sins of them that dwell upon the earth.
Go thy way to a woman with child, and ask of her when she had fulfilled her nine months, if her womb may keep the birth any longer within her.
In the grave the chambers of souls are like the womb of a woman: For like as a woman that travails make haste to escape the necessity of the travail: even so do these places haste to deliver those things that are committed unto them.
From the beginning, look, what thou desires to see, it shall be shew thee.
If I have found favor in thy sight, and if it be possible, and if I be meet therefore, shew me then whether there be more to come than is past, or more past than is to come.
Love wins when reflections win over reflexes.
In the end, you will realize most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly.
The greatest futility! says the congregator, "The greatest futility! Everything is futile!" What does a person gain from all his hard work- At which he toils under the sun? A generation goes and another cometh forth, but the earth remains the same.
As thou know not what is the way of the spirit, nor how the bones do grow in the womb of her that is with child: even so thou know not the works of what makes all.
In the morning sow thy seed, and in the evening withhold not thine hand: for thou know not whether shall prosper, either this or that, or whether they both shall be alike good.
Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun: But if a man live many years, and rejoice in them all; yet let him remember the days of darkness; for they shall be many. And all that cometh is vanity.
These be they that have put off the mortal clothing, and put on the immortal, and have confessed the name of God: now are they crowned, and receive palms.
Go thy way, and tell my people, the people of thy Lord God what manner of things, and how great wonders of the Lord thy God, thou hast seen.
And yet their reward appear not, and their labor had no fruit: for I have gone here and there through the heathen, and I see that they flow in wealth, and think not upon thy commandments.
Weigh thou therefore their wickedness now in the balance, and theirs also that dwell the world; and so shall thy name no where be found anymore.
Thy heart had gone too far in this world, and think thou to comprehend the way of the most High?
Every person has his secret; in reverie, unbeknown to others, he finds peace, freedom, sorrow and love.
We're here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
When in darkness....strike a match
Education is the realization of hope for the future.
I know nothing about war. But let me tell you what I believe. I think running from responsibility breeds self-loathing and despair. I think people can, and do, rise to the occasion, and even a single person can make an incredible difference. What they need are leaders who believe in them, a belief that gives birth to hope. With hope, people can do remarkable things, amazing things.
I guess pencil crayons are like life; we hope to gain wisdom through our experiences, and sadly many of us learn important lessons later in life - however all that colour we scratched and pressed into our canvases create stories for our children, and grandchildren - things to laugh at as we look back, and hopefully things others can use as examples of lessons of caution, and tales of overcoming negative situations despite the overwhelming odds stacked up against us. Tales of past likes and loves, lessons learned, and the stories about how you met the right person and how you ended up with them - often a winding tale until there's an 'AH-HA' moment of enlightenment, lol. Tales of raw adversity...because rawness is beautiful, and learned wisdom which proves showing weakness is actual bravery. That not everyone you lose is a loss, and that in life, a situation will keep repeating itself until one learns their lesson. As sad as it is to see these pencils being shortened, and the way one tries to preserve what's left as they get shorter and shorter... the new box of crayons which will eventually be bought will continue the storytelling of the old, and add new stories until they themselves expire.
There is a miracle in your mess, don't let the mess make you miss the miracle.
It’s when your plans look dead that God’s resurrection power begins to operate in your life in greater measure
God is not interested in helping you finding out why you are in a mess, He is interested in fixing it.
God always sees me with no make-ups on because He knew how we started.
There must always be an opposition because the enemy always opposes what the Lord has declared.
I would rather have a man chasing JESUS than a house full of stuffs and garrage filled with big cars.
Of what use is my going to church every day and still come home and remain the same? Of what use is my attending the mosques and the next day I enter the mall with knives and start slaughtering people in the name of religion.God is a God of variety. He was not stupid creating all of us different with our uniqueness.His creating us different shows the level of His creativity. He didn't make you white to hate black or vice versa. He made it so that we can cherish and love each other irrespective of our differences just as He loved us with all our flaws and our short comings.Can we forgive those who have offended us? Yes and some will say no but never forget that you are not worthy but God still forgives you even till the last hour of your life.If God can love us against all our atrocities why can't we learn to love one another.Take a look around you, you can only see sad faces. Was that really God's intention for us on earth? Absolutely not. But we have remoulded God's creativity to suit our taste and lifestyles and now we are reaping the fruit of our labour. You should not expect to reap love when you sowed the seed of hatred. What a man sows that he reaps. We sowed on weapons of war and we are yielding war in return. We have sowed on weapons of destruction so why are we asking for peace.If you ask me....I will say let's go back to our source. He has never lost any battle. I am a living witness.
I am amazed upon the many battle that we engage in, be it money, control or matters of the heart, only very few of us knows how to fight in the right way or understand who we are really fighting against. To win any battle you' ve got to have the right strategy and resources because victories don't come by accident.
All the failures in my life freed me from all my fears so that I can succeed.
I am a bit old fashion but I believe in prayer, I believe prayer can move mountain. Prayer might not be our responsibility but it is a good starting place. It can give us heaven's prospectives on human problems. I know we need to do a bit more than pray but that doesn't mean we don't need to pray.
Sometimes what not to do is more important than what to do. Sometimes when you are in crisis, when frustration are high or when you are under pressure, what you don't do is more important than what you do. Don't be afraid. ....
If you never listen, you can't see. The devil has got so many people so disconnected that they cannot even listen or even sense when the Lord is speaking.
Christians we cannot be allowed to be fractured at a time like this. There are more of us, there are more of light in us than in the agents of darkness.
Man's panic does not produce God's power.....sometimes you need to pray before you post on social media.
At a time like this maybe the world is looking at us not just at a miracle crusade or sunday church service but the way we are living. Maybe they want to see whether what our Master left for us worked for us; there is a counter spirit to the spirit of fear, it is the love of God.
This is not the first time that the world has been in a mess but you are still God, you left us on the earth, not only to preach in a building but to be the church beyond the buildings.
Before we can fix the situation, we have to first see the situation, the world can't see straight right now, some are blinded by hatred, rage, fear, scepticism, some are blinded by their pains.We need to pray...pray that God open our eyes to see the problem from the source and not from the surface.You cannot solve a situation that you cannot see correctly.
The agenda of the Media is not to inform you, they don't care about you, they are trying to show you the truth. There are some intelligent Christians but they can't find them and put on the air ...for instance me
There must be something that God knows about fear that we don't know. I am sure He knows that when you are in a state of fear, you can't fix anything. When we are in a state of fear we can't talk about anything reasonable and we can't solve anything. That is the problem because the media throws all lies on us to create fear and we fall for it....Number one Satan's strategy of getting some people trapped.
Be careful the mistake of yesterday always lives with tomorrow.
How about we be the light of Jesus Christ? There are things we tend to forget when fear becomes the driving force. The world is filled with a lot of questions now; what do we do? Who do we elect? How do we fix this? Some people feel powetless in those ways. Helpless, hopeless, confused, overwhelmed.What do we do?My answer: Stop looking for practical advice "don't be afraid " "those who are with us are more than those who are with them"2 kings 6:16
I don't want to settle down because God has satisfied me and heard my prayers. I want to stay hungry and thirsty for the things of God.
The presence of crisis does not prove the absence of God. I think in time of crisis Christians should rise up and point to the world on something bigger. The crisis is an opportunity for us to proclaim to the children of darkness what we proclaim in the light.
God always wants us to see things from heaven's prospective. You may not be doing much to your community but what you are is so important. You are significant.
Five minutes after something happened might not be the best time for you to get into your Facebook and tell everybody. Men's panic does not produce God's power.
Conflict is much the same, injustice and inequality is nothing new to our generation only the contest has changed because not only that everyone has opinion but they also have an opportunity to voice it and that is a bit dangerous.
The conflict hasn't gotten worst but the contest has really changed.............
I have the word of God and my bible is very interesting, this book was conceived in battle, Jesus Christ our Saviour was conceived in brokenness, out of barenness to redeem a people who were in bondage to their sin. I know exactly where to go when the people start getting confused, trading lies for truth, buying injustice for justice and even when the media starts to show me the prospectives of the world that I am living in, I have my prospective from the word of God.
I am so happy that I grew up knowing the word of God, the spirit of discernment in me is 24hrs activated, I can differentiate between light and darkness. I put on the amour of God even when the whole world is going to hell, I refuse to join them. The light in me shall overshadow every power of darkness.
All of my life God has allowed me to share prospectives with people who are different. You cannot lead people whose prospective you are not willing to understand.
Surrounded by enemies, surrounded by evil, surrounded by darkness, injustice......."don't be afraid , those who are with us are more than those who are with them"2 Kings 6:16
Whenever someone is a threat to the enemy there will be an attack dispatched against that person to try to minimise their effectiveness.
There is power in the word of God if used properly.
There is a remedy and there is a hope but the remedy is not in the political party or in places that will take you away from hope. You better run to God, that is the only place you can find both.
My advice for those of you who felt being marginalised, undervalued and taken for granted; guess what? That is the Arena where God creates Leaders.
I didn't come from a success lineage but I am so glad that my earthly lineage is not my final story because when I gave my life to Jesus twelve years back, God interrupted my story.
Parents never you make church and studying the word of God optional for your children. If they are in your house, get them up, teach them the word of God, the greatest awards, PhD or achievements any child could have is to grow up in the word of God. I and my family are living witness and it is extending to our third generation.
I do not have any trust fund, I have always trusted God for all my funds.
Whenever you are in transition it is always important to choose the words that you use. You call it crises in your life and I call it transition.
All my pains has always increased my sense of purpose.
If God gives you a gift and you don't know what to do with it, it won't make you happy. Some of you God gave a wonderful husband but you can't make a home and some of you God gave a wonderful wife but you can't make a good husband. Some of you can't even unwrap the gift so that you can appreciate it.
Maybe what you need in your life is not the next level of accomplishment or the next level of accumulation but the next level of appreciation for what you have; that will set the stage to make a space for what you will accumulate in the future. ( a bit deep) Simply put thank God for now before setting the goal for tomorrow because if you grow in gifts and didn't grow in gratitude, you have gained nothing.
If you can feed in the presence of your enemies, if you can be blessed under the weight of burdens, when you praise God in pain, it is preparation for provision.
When you do away with God you become your own god, because you recognise no greater power in the universe than yourself.
I have graduated to the extent of not asking what is happening in my life because I trust the maker(God).
I have my priorities and I know my purpose. I do not Praise God because of my pain but I praise Him because of what the pain is producing.
When you praise God in pain, it is preparing you for provision.
The things I call crisis and all the things that were coming after me are all coming to serve the purpose of God in my life.
God made my enemies to serve me in my absence. God made the things that conspired to destroy me feed me into the place that He was preparing for me. I am a big girl and I can handle trouble and my enemies.
When you learn to have the heart of praise in the presence of your enemies, you set the table; if you can work with God in darkness enough depending on the light that He showed you in the last season, you will learn to read your enemies as a sign that it is time to eat. ( a bit deep). Whenever you sense a crisis in your life, note that your harvest is near.
God prepared a table before me in the presence of my insecurity, in the presence of my deficits, in the presence of my addictions, in the presence of my confusions, in the presence of what I have lost, in the presence of the threat that I won't make it, in the presence of my enemies, I am looking straight ahead.
Learn to eat with your enemies all around you but most of all thank God for his presence. Keep your eyes fixed to the presence of God in the presence of your enemies.
I have learned to thank God for what I cannot see, I have learned to trust God with what I cannot.
Do you know that you can be surrounded by all these blessings, all these relationships, goodness, provisions, opportunities? But if you don't know how to turn the blessing into praise, it will turn into pride and your life will never be filled with joy because your heart has holes in it.
Sometimes the fact that you can't sense God isn't an indication that He is not there. It is just an indication that you are hanging out in the wrong place.The cave is not a physical location, it is a state of mind.
You will always end up in frustration whenever you try to produce outside your purpose.
Sometimes God wraps destiny in what we perceive as just another day. The same day that David's father asked him to go and deliver bread to his brothers in the field was the same day that God used him to bring goliath down. Take every minute in your life serious.
Real faith looks beneath the surface. Real faith knows that faith works sometimes in dark places. Real faith knows that sometimes in order to see a change, you will have to steer through your situation to really see it.
God's perspectives requires persistence. To have God's perspective in the world we live in requires persistence.
If you work by faith and not by sight, you will always see a sign. You have to develop a space of comfort to know that there is a difference between signs and sounds, it means God will tell you that He will make a change in your life but He won't show you anything to demonstrate the change for a little while because He doesn't want your faith to be in the change; He wants your faith to be in the promise, so that when the change is a bit slow in coming, you will know how to trust in Him while you wait for it to come to pass.
Have you ever asked yourself this question "what can God do through me?" The preacher has no platform if the people has no sense of mission.
In dealing with us, God always starts with our motives. What do you want for the people? What does God wants for his people? What do you want Him to do for you; that's is a starting place.
Blind barthimus used his mouth and his feet to affect what wasn't working in his life? What do you use to affect what's not working in your life? God is not interested in your perfection, He is interested in your participation. It is your participation that attracts the presence of God.
Why do people go to church on Sundays? A question that is very complicated because I know what the answer is supposed to be but I do not really know the answer.. I think people go because it is a kind of tradition. I think some goes because someone told them if tgey do not they might go to hell. Maybe some go to look for a wife or husband ☺. Maybe some go to church to display their latest designer shoes or handbags. Some goes just to please their Pastor. Some people go to church because they love the music or the preaching. Some goes because of some social reasons and friendship. Some have it in their mind that they will experience the presence of God in the church. Some goes to church because of miracle. Some goes to church when they are expecting something maybe child, comfort, marriage, work etc.. Some felt it is an obligation to give God a day out of the seven days he createdLet me tell you that church is not there to entertain you, Ephesians 3:20... there are things going on in the church that some people barely know about.Ask yourself today why do I go to church. I am sure a sincere answer will help you.
I don't just have only the peace of God, I do also have a God who gives peace, not just resources but the revelation of His presence.
Be anxious for no thing, be concerned about the state of your soul and that of your children, be concerned about God's work in the world; these are genuine concern but when it comes to the things in your life.....be not anxious. If God is for us who can be against us?
Don't think because you can't affect something at a great level that God can't use you in a great way. David didn't even train one day with the armies but He won the war. He didn't even have a weapon but he killed a giant.
God wants to use you right where you are with what you have not what you do not have.
We always think that God's presence is always provided to fix our problems but what if God's presence is more about fixing your perspectives? So that you will have a new way to see your problems. If you didn't make your bed before leaving home this morning, no angel is going to make your bed for you, it is still going to be as you left it till you come back.
Some people want to kill goliath but they do not want to attend to sheep. How can God use you to kill giants if you cannot follow simple instructions?
Sometimes we want God to use us to do big things when we would not even want to do the basics.
You don't have to position yourself in front of people to be used by God. You don't have to convince anyone that you are good enough for the voice of God, just be grateful that God chooses who He wills and once He is ready to use you, no devil in hell can stop Him.
You can't disappoint what God has appointed.
If you can't see the assets in you, it will be hard for you to export it to the world. Recognise who you are and the world will recognise you.
People run around looking for millions of likes in their life and on the social media but do you know what? If you get just one true like from just one who loves you the most, it surpasses all other millions. God loves you the most even without make over.
In God's presence I find peace that is much deeper than any disappointment. I will grow and I understand I can't grow myself, that is why I need God and His grace.
We are all planted in God's vineyard and our lives are filled with potentials and purpose and we have all been given the hopes to anchor our lives even in the most disappointed times. So God is waiting to see what you and I will make out of the raw materials that He has given to us. He is waiting to see what we will make out of the discouragement and disappointment. I believe that in those deepest places of disappointment that the greatest grace will manifest.
I am so glad that God's disappointment in me is not greater than his love and I still have a Destiny. I am growing in grace and mercy because that is the only soil that can produce the kind of life that God desires.
God's voice will be heard in the cave but only His visions will be revealed to you on the mountain. (A bit deep). God will always love you and will always speak to you but when you lose your perspective, you won't see his plan.
Some people are disappointed in their life because they are trying to use the tools that God did not authorised them to use in their life, trying to build on a purpose that is not even attached in their personality.
In God’s Kingdom there are no overnight sensations or flash-in-the-pan successes.Anyone who wants to be used of God will experience hidden years in the backside of the desert. During that time the Lord is polishing, sharpening and preparing us to fit into His bow, so at the right time, like “a polished shaft” He can launch us into fruitful service. The invisible years are years of serving, studying, being faithful in another person’s ministry and doing the behind-the-scenes work. The Bible says, ‘God is not unjust; he will not forget your work’ (Hebrews 6:10 NIV 2011 Edition). Be patient; when the time is right He will bring forth the fruit He placed inside you.
When your people are lying dead around you, don't come crying to me...
Rulers are not anointed. They are created by the void of self-mastery.
You are serving someone for the rest of your life, not knowing a time must come when you must also be served.
Some women think being arrogant, selfish, bitter and looking down on others are qualities of being an Independent, strong, powerful and successful business women. No matter how high you are in life. Never look down on others and never forget humanity.
Our government says people must not take law in their own hands, But has given the law in the hands of people who in power. That is why people who are in power are always corrupt, arrogant, violent, Aggressive, selfish, and don't care about anyone. They get away with all the bad things they do that Is criminating unlawful and injustice
Leadership is not always about your power, it's all about your ability to empower, encourage, and elevate others
Don't let your past dictate your future,
A woman does not become whole until she has a baby.
A woman does not become whole, until she has a baby.
A women does not become whole, until she has a baby.
Part-time effort means part-tim results.
When you find a truth that surpasses your desire to fit trends and meet approval, you can be certain it’s worth fighting to spread.
The sum of our greatness lies not in asking“what do I want to do?” but rather “who do I want to be?
Within each of us are two competing sides, a polarity of character. Only one leads to greatness.
Your greatness is revealed not by the lights that shine upon you but by the light that shines within.
Average is common. Excellence is rare.
Your brand is the value and magic that's not in your bottle, body or box. It's the inspiration, incense, intent and impact before, within and beyond.
Writers are made, they are not born.
Have you noticed how prejudice still exists today? For instance, now they challenge famous people for their past achievements: People like Christopher Columbus and now even Vince Lombardi. Nothing surprises me. I never grew-up with prejudices against anyone. I don't care what color you are or where you came from. This sort of stuff to me never made sense. You see I grew up in an "educated family." Education teaches you not to be so ignorant.
Don't ever rely on one job, business contact, etc for your main source of income. Receive multiple sources of income for success.
Have you noticed how prejudice still exists today. For instance, now they challenge famous people for their past achievements: People like Christopher Columbus and now even Vince lombardi. Nothing surprises me. I never grew-up with prejudices against anyone. I don't care what color you are or where you came from. This sort of stuff to me never made sense. You see I grew up in a "educated family." Education teaches you not to be so ignorant.
Start having more confidence in yourself, and others will do the same.
Stop now and decide to never worry again about what others think about you.
Some of my greatest successes in business are simply the result of taking huge, calculated risks.
Get out of your comfort zone and go for it. I do this when I apply for lead acting parts in feature movies.
Forget about how old you are, and get busy.
You can have practically anything you want in this world, if you have great credit.
Always focus on the power of love than the love of power
It is either an exciting or scary time to be a leader.
A true leader leads by empowering not by enslaving.
A leader is solution oriented and a philosopher is problem oriented.
An educator will teach the students. An Educarer will reach the students.
In an age when nations and individuals routinely exchange murder for murder, when the healing grace of authentic spirituality is usurped by the divisive politics of religious organizations, and when broken hearts bleed pain in darkness without the relief of compassion, the voice of an exceptional poet producing exceptional work is not something the world can afford to dismiss.
Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.
Let the world know what you live for...not what you fall for!
I often ask myself, 'Who would Jesus vote for?' Then I start to think that he wouldn't vote at all; however, it would not be out of apathy or disinterest, but out of perfection and light. As a miracle worker, I think he would, by the power of God's teachings, the perseverance and the truth, influence in a modern sense whoever is put into office how to best serve his fellow men. One, like his skeptics, may find that impractical. But there is a message in that no man in power can slow the momentum of the will of God, and the miracles of his teachings will be forever victorious.
[at CMC West Coast 2011, on 1 Samuel 14] If just a few of you would step up and be like Jonathan ... as you step out in faith, you know what's going to happen? There'll be people like Saul who'll say, "God's doing something through that guy, God's doing something through that girl. I want to be a part of that.
If you can survive and won the battle over other millions of semen deposited alongside with you in your mothers womb, tell me why you cannot win the battle over challenges, difficulties and poverty? Friend, I know you will succeed because; you'd once done it in the womb.
Risk is one of the qualities of any good decision. This is so because, decision itself is a risk. Therefore, making a decision literally means, taking a risk... In tracing the histories of successful men and women, the first thing to notice in their lives is risk.
Faith in God is optional, but faith in the self – in the spirit within, is imperative.
Faith in God is optional, but faith in the self – in the spirit within, is imperative. Have faith in yourself. Have faith in the human first, then God if you want.
Have faith in yourself. Have faith in the human first, then God if you want.
Generous leaders have faith in others to succeed. In turn, they receive tenfold loyalty, commitment, and a positive outcome.
Part of leadership is preparing those who follow to someday go on ahead without you.
Leaders who aren't conduits are either dams of dry.
Working together as a team helps build a cohesive organization.
Men love women who are courageous for it means they can go all the way with him in his pursuit of his good dreams and intentions.
An average man is egoistic, proud and has strong self esteem. They always require partners who massage their ego not those who will drag their ego to the mud.
Diversity of character is due to the unequal time given to values. Only through each other will we see the importance of the qualities we lack and our unfinished soul's potential.
A confident woman wears a smile and has this air of comfortability and pleasantness about her.
Patience is a virtue not a vice.
An intelligent woman is a goldmine! She has the ability to learn, reason and understand things better and faster than her contemporaries. She is competent, alert and can reason out stuffs easily.
Moving forward implies MOTION when in all actuality it may be simply standing STILL and seeing the salvation of the Lord.
Don't let your emotions get in the way of rational decision making.
When a man finds this kind of woman, he will go all out for her knowing that she will not be a letdown.
He talked about the future with such certainty, he might have been talking about the past.
Your inspiration taps hidden reserves of promise that sustain people through times that induce despair. You enable people to envision a future that sustains the best from their past while also holding out new possibilities.
Be a King. Dare to be Different, dare to manifest your greatness.
Don't die without fulfilling your purpose.
God is never tired of bringing the sun out every morning, taking it in the evenings and bringing out the moon.
Dare to be different. Represent your maker well and you will forever abide in the beautiful embrace of his loving arms.
Your words are powerful so what you say goes a long way to either establish or destroy you; this is why you should say things that God has said concerning you, not things that situations or circumstances say.
Don't call yourself discouraged anymoreit's no longer your name.
Don't let any situation intimidate you anymore, don't accept defeat anymore.
Weigh whatever you are about to say; what will it do to your hearer - encouragement, edification, disappointment or fear? What will it do to your life - glorify, edify, beautify or weigh you down? Speak well and things will go well.
Dominate in your domain You can do it.
Don't say negative things about your spouse and children.
You recreate your world to your taste with God's Word in your mouth.
You are not permitted to suffer what others suffer, you are not permitted to fail or die young.
The more you become aware of and respond to the needs of others, the richer your own life becomes.
Create your world with God's Word in your mouth just say it and it will be accomplished!
Your mouth is not given to you for feeding alone it is given to you to programme events and circumstance around you.
Worship is the marriage of two Spirits - the Spirit of God and the Spirit of man.
The presence of the Lord destroys a life of struggle. You will struggle until you encounter His presence.
Your status has changed. Your Name is changed! You are a new creation.
Let your words glorify God and edify your hearers and then beautify your life.
You are not permitted to live and die as a non-entity because you have encountered the greatness that is associated with Christ.
The choice is yours. Don't let your pronouncements destroy your destiny rather let them build your future up!
Words are directed to your personalities namely; - God, your hearers, devil and yourself.
When we are connected to the source, we will not be afraid of any task set before us.
You may not attain the highest height with one leap but my dear you will reach your destination.
God rewards every act of obedience to His Will.
Your decision not to join the crowd may be what God is waiting for to grant you revelation on how to deliver your family, your country, business, profession or even your church!
So cheer up Beloved; for your God is able, He is the maker of all things.
The presence of God is so important in the life of believers. There is abundance of all you need to make your life comfortable in His presence.
God wants all man's attention, thoughts and focus to be on Him.
Man is like a bride unto God. God is jealous when man veers away from Him.
He is the only option for better living.
We cannot prevail by our own might or strength, we need to plug on to the source of our strength so that we will remain resourceful always.
Are you the fruit of redemption? If yes, then make a delightful noise unto Him.
Another way of remaining in intimacy with God is by remaining in His presence.
God is not a thief. That which steals, kills and destroys is the devil - not God!
God comes down in the evenings to chat with man, enjoy man's company and find out how man faired in the course of the day.
The Prince came to give life unto those whose lives were almost being snuffed out by the devil via the cares of this world.
You don't need to go running from pillar to post looking for what God looks like.
Either be a good parent to your career or just give your dream up for adoption.
Motivation doesn't work, Your decisions do!
Gratitude is the kindling for Peace.
Someone was recently telling me how inspirational he is to his team - apparently he mistook whether that was a good thing or bad. Turns out - they were inspired to keep him busy so he stayed out of their hair!The morale of the story - we all think we're inspirational, a great leader, know what's right, etc... If we didn't, we'd act differently. It's a true leader who listens to the real message and recognizes what they aren't.
Learn to master your thoughts and watch closely what you deposit into your spirit. Speak over your life. Living in peace has transformative power.
Sometimes, people don’t need our monies and our treasures. All they need is our encouragements to give them hope.
Let these words be your guide; money or no money, houses or no houses, cars or no cars, never turn down the divine assignment of God for your life. Become an inspiration to another life through good service and healthy relationship.
Be the light and source of inspiration that others see
You can’t inspire and lead people without earning their attention. You achieve that in a counter-intuitive way – by paying close attention to what interests them.
Do not Speak for Anyone.Just let them know their Right to Speak.
In business, sport, entertainment and beyond an idea is worth next to nothing. The energy, effort, passion, talent, tenacity, strategy, resilience and resourcefulness to see it through and make something of it is worth everything.
Your principles are your true north because they instruct how you will handle every situation, especially when there is no easy choice.
There are times when the world is rearranging itself that the right person can change the world.
Believe you can and you will be halfway there.
Live your life in such a way that you'll be remembered for your kindness, compassion, fairness, character, benevolence, and a force for good who had much respect for life, in general.
7 keys to getting more things done: 1 start 2 dont make excuses3 celebrate small steps4 ignore critics5 be consistent6 be open7 stay positive
Tweet others the way you want to be tweeted.
Tweet others the way you want to want to be tweeted.
Don't stop believing,Don't be afraid of change,Don't underestimate yourself,Don't make excuses,Don't cheat yourself,Don't ever ever STOP!
Become loving and become courageous. Become the inspiration which you seek outside. Bring the metaphorical heart of your limbic system in sync with the analytical powerhouse of the prefrontal cortex. From your mind shall rise the inspiration. From your mind shall rise the love. From your mind shall rise the greatest education of all.
I have been called arrogant myself in my time, and hope to earn the title again, but to claim that I am privy to the secrets of the universe and its creator - that's beyond my conceit.
I realize that what happened in Bosnia could happen anywhere in the world, particularly in places that are diverse and have a history of conflict. It only takes bad leadership for a country to go up in flames, for people of different ethnicity, color, or religion to kill each other as if they had nothing in common whatsoever. Having a democratic constitution, laws that secure human rights, police that maintain order, a judicial system, and freedom of speech don't ultimately guarantee long lasting peace. If greedy or bloodthirsty leaders come to power, it can all go down. It happened to us. It can happen to you.
Learn from the past, prepare for the future, and perform in the moment." (Moments: Making Your Life Count For What Matters Most, Mike Van Hoozer)
Christianity enhanced the notion of political and social accountability by providing a new model: that of servant leadership. In ancient Greece and Rome no one would have dreamed of considering political leaders anyone's servants. The job of the leader was to lead. But Christ invented the notion that the way to lead is by serving the needs of others, especially those who are the most needy.
La libertad nos mantiene volando alto, pero la contienda destruye nuestra habilidad de volar.
El amor de Cristo nos ayuda a mirar más allá del amor de otros.
Mientras más mengüe tu nivel de inseguridad, más crecerá tu nivel de fe.
Nuestra expectativa debe de ser mayor en nosotros mismos que en las demás personas.
El error más grande al caer es quedarnos en el piso.
Más importante que empezar bien nuestro caminar con Dios es terminar bien la obra.
Without the persistent rising up of individuals that seek the Lord and place themselves under His direct leadership, churches will inevitably...slip into human hierarchy, institutionalizing a system of doctrines and practices.
No one cultivates in a stony-ground, instead he cultivates in a soft-rich ground. Do not expect people to invest in you if you're a lazy type.
Of what a strange nature is knowledge! It clings to a mind when it has once seized on it like a lichen on a rock." - Frankenstein p115
Always hear others out and remain open-minded the day you think you know everything is the day you have the most yet to learn.
The architect and the father of war are covetousness of the leaders and of different interest groups fueling war.
If there is anything the leaders in the society or the nations must take note of is to know the importance of justice.
When justice is prioritized by any leader at any level then to give justice to the citizenry will always be at the back of the mind of such a leader.
A leader must be taught or made to know the importance of justice for the people.
If there is any society where the leaders lack the knowledge and the importance of justice, then oppression will be a common neighbor of the citizens.
The leaders have the responsibility to protect and hold in high esteem the law and virtues of the land.
If lawmakers in nations today refused to be bribed and be corrupted by some larger-than-life leaders, the people will be less insulted and molested by ungodliness and injustice.
Earning is a product of learning. You're only one letter away from earning more.
All the calculus, quantum mechanics and languages in the world are worthless pieces of information, if they are not brought to the service of the society.
The only service to be done for our downtrodden sisters and brother, is to give them education to develop their individuality. We must give them ideas, alongside cultivating their living conditions.
Education is not the amount of information that is pushed into the brain and causes havoc there, undigested all through a lifetime. Education must be a symposium of life-building, character- making and assimilation of ideas in the pursuit of building a more harmonious, peaceful and truly civilized world.
Change is constant.
Time well-spent is life well-lived.
Relationships are built on trust.
Time management is essential for a work-life balance.
Compromise makes relationships survive.
Sometimes, changing circumstances also changes relationships.
Good times don’t last and bad times don’t stay forever.
Change is difficult, since it challenges the status quo.
Perseverance guarantees success.
Strategy is influenced by circumstances.
Knowledge is something that fire cannot burn, water cannot wet, air cannot dry, thieves cannot steal, and the more you spend the more it increases.
In relationships, the cheater is unable to trust anyone, including the cheated.
Experience is costly knowledge.
Only time can reveal the future.
Strategy can turn a losing battle into a winning battle.
The winning strategy is the one that successfully adapts to the changing circumstances of time, place, and person.
Change is possible only if the top management agrees.
Entrepreneurs utilize even a negative change positively.
Those benefiting from the status quo, resist change.
Relationships need to be valued today, for tomorrow is uncertain.
Knowledge if churned like milk, results in the butter of wisdom.
Reasoning culminates in gaining knowledge.
Time should be spent happily without regrets.
Intelligent efforts are successful.
Unwise application of knowledge is dangerous.
Strategy can win over tricky situations.
Over time, repetition brings perfection, which brings success.
How one treats another one, determines success.
Sometimes a problem itself offers its own solution.
A clear mind achieves success.
Some problems are imaginary and not real.
With a common ground, solution of problems is easy.
Leaders prioritize what they want.
Improvements enable adapting to new situations.
Addressing the interests of the audience, results in effective communication.
Anger creates distances that shouting increases.
The wise communicate in subtle ways.
For further communication, previous communication may be archived or discarded.
Even if all communication from everyone is followed, yet one cannot please everyone.
Actions undertaken in anger, only result in pain, sorrow, and regret.
Mutual respect is an integral part of communication.
Workers can offer guidance for improving the work.
Improvement combines effectiveness with simplicity.
Even a child can offer ideas for improvement.
Leaders rule hearts, not people.
Angry issues need settling time.
Investor confidence rests on leaders who deliver.
Some leaders lead from the front.
Adverse situations used advantageously can offer solutions to problems.
Conflicts may create unfathomable distances.
Make sure a conflict exists before working to resolve it.
If the difficult tasks are completed first, then the remaining tasks seem easy.
Words motivate.
Conflicts are expensive.
Employees are usually motivated to stay or leave due to their managers.
Recognition motivates.
Conflicts have small beginnings.
A positive change in approach improves quality.
The quality of the product is inseparable from the quality of its parts.
Quality is all about taking care of the details.
The clearer the objective, the better the performance.
Quality solves the trade-off between margins and sales.
Work always makes a difference.
Growth-oriented performance demands sustained entrepreneurial efforts.
Any work not executed honestly, fails to fulfill its objective.
Well-intentioned but ill-informed actions usually compromise quality.
Criticizing is easy, performing is difficult.
Needless documentation hampers performance.
Motivation overcomes self-limitations.
Sensible motivation is always effective.
Regular and concentrated training makes an expert.
Training of parts leads to training of the whole.
Helping others is an effective way of training oneself.
Unfulfilled needs makes training unfulfilled.
The highest training trains oneness.
The concern of a team member is also the concern of the team.
Mutually helping team members achieve both individual and team objectives.
Conflicts need to be resolved at the earliest.
For self-educated scientists and thinkers such as Charles Darwin, Srinivasa Ramanujan, Leonardo-da-Vinci, Michael Faraday, myself and many others, education is a relentless voyage of discovery. To us education is an everlasting quest for knowledge and wisdom.
If education were the same as information, the encyclopedias would be the greatest sages in the world.
The system that aims at educating our boys and girls in the same manner as in the circus where the trainer teaches the lion to sit on a stool, has not understood the true meaning of education itself. Instead of being like a circus where the trainer uses his stick to make animals do stunts to serve the interest of the audience, the system of education should be like an Orchestra where the conductor waves his stick to orchestrate the music already within the musicians’ heart in the most beautiful manner. The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.
A satisfied customer brings more customers.
A team is more than the sum of the individuals.
The point is, education in its truest form, is the foundation of all human endeavors. It is the most noble of all the civilized elements of human consciousness. Education enables the humans to achieve their fullest mental and physical potential in both personal and social life. The ability of being educated is what distinguishes humans from animals. You can teach a cockatoo to repeat a bunch of vocabularies, but you cannot teach it to construct a space shuttle and go to the moon.
Instead of being like a circus where the trainer uses his stick to make animals do stunts to serve the interest of the audience, the system of education should be like an Orchestra where the conductor waves his stick to orchestrate the music already within the musicians’ heart in the most beautiful manner. The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.
This is not education my friend. It is a process of manufacturing computation devices that look like Homo sapiens, and thereby falsely labeled as Education.
Education enables the humans to achieve their fullest mental and physical potential in both personal and social life.
All systems of the society should serve the mind, instead of the mind serving the systems.
Mind is the Alpha – Mind is the Omega. There is nothing else in the pursuit of knowledge. And more importantly, there is nothing else in education. All systems of the society should serve the mind, instead of the mind serving the systems.
Education means nourishing the mind and make it develop in order to see beyond the limitations of current social perception - it means breaking the barriers of the rugged sociological system that impede in the progress of human civilization - it means trying out new things for the first time in human history and succeeding in a few while failing in some. And that is how a species grows to become more advanced.
Highlighting strengths increases sales.
Good sales copy creates good sales.
In sales, every prospect is a potential customer.
In order to sell, salespersons have to correctly evaluate and cater to customer choices.
Retail selling benefits from aggressive publicity.
A team succeeds where an individual fails.
Some team members act as adhesives to unite the team.
A leader’s purpose is to provide knowledge and generate trust through kindness. This will provide a foundation that allows others to make choices, right or wrong, and grow in a positive manner from the experience.
Knowledge is what you know,that gives you an edge overthe ordinary person.
Only the foolish would think that wisdom is something to keep locked in a drawer. Only the fearful would feel empowerment is something best kept to oneself, or the few, and not shared with all.
He who believes not in your quest should not sail with you, so that he won't sink your ship.
Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance.
Knowledge is strength. Ignorance is the kiss of death.
Don't just become a monument of information, rather a solace of knowledge refuge.
Leaders don’t hide good news from their followers. As long as they discover knowledge, they share knowledge. They leave part of them with people they meet; hence they are hardly missed when they are gone.
When you are a person people can trust, they will call on upon you, love to be around you and work with you. A leader’s skills take him to people, but his character brings people to him.
Leaders don’t leave people empty handed. They give them part of themselves through knowledge sharing and influence creation.
A leader’s skills take him to people, but his character brings people to him.
You don’t miss great leaders because their impacts and footprints are always staring at you in the face.
You can’t give what you don’t have. To lead people in a better way, mingle with them in body. But in knowledge, be far ahead of them!
Just as the bird needs wings to fly, a leader needs useful information to flow. Leaders learn.
A self-leader cries for no followers by himself. He does his thing and people get to know him, chase him and learn from him.
What kills leadership growth isn't ignorance, but rather the illusion of knowledge.
If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.
No guts, no story.
When you are just EXISTING, life happens to you… and you manage; when you are truly LIVING, you happen to life… and you lead.
Whoever is under a man's power is under his protection, too.
Everyone that enters through Him is secured and the person shall find pastures for himself. Jesus really cares!
Social context and NOT individual abilities drives performance, success or failure of a team or a project.
Expressing authentic appreciation doesn’t cost you anything and the outcomes are simply wonderful.
People who feel excluded get angry and act out their anger in the team. No man is an island, no person can function isolated from the group. When you create a team, any kind of team, inclusion is fundamental. Without every member feeling deeply that he or she belongs to that group there is no team.
Social context trumps reason and social context drives your behaviors with an influence akin to an invisible force. We naturally adapt our behaviors to the context.
As humans, we unconsciously embrace the group’s beliefs and behaviors without questioning them or surrender to their opinions.
Failure opens the door to the most powerful lessons and discoveries – but it does so only if you have the courage to accept reality and look failure in the eye.
Where there is no integrity, there is no unity.
Integrity is the bond of trust.
Don't Expect Others to Read or Hear Your Thoughts; if You Want to be Heard, Speak Up and Speak Out!
Even during a mid-life crisis do not deviate from your goal. History remembers only those who succeed.
Break the rules not because you don’t know better, but because you know them too well
To challenge yourself takes courage, not for the  strength it takes to accomplish your goals but  for the commitment to stay true to your dreams.
Goals get clearer when you place your focus on a committed long term vision that includes integrity and well formed steps
Every obstacle is an opportunity to make success a reality
The strong leader takes a chance when there is little hope,The hope that he will succeed and little chance of failure
Rise above the daily stumbles and place your focus on your vision. When you identify your desires commit to unlimited success
A leader’s meal is that unstoppable desire to stay late to see his dreams achieved. They never give up.
Compassion does not need any special preparation, place or time. You can start it anywhere and anytime. Try it at home, work, school —or anywhere! The more you cultivate compassion the more will be your fulfillment, resilience, patience, grit, endurance and equanimity.
Some bad friends are so crafty in such a way that by the time their mission is reveal, they have already executed portions of it.
Get this; without a continuous struggle, your previous struggles will become a waste. Stay on and hold on until the success become evident.
Most of the people who attempt to draw back the success of the world are those who don’t care about anything. They live life every day without asking why.
It’s never wrong to be rich, but I want to believe, success is not limited to riches; it involves influence. If your riches don't create any impact, you are missing it.
At the end of it all, it is our relationship with people that will determine whether they will share in our pain if we fall into dangers.
Leaders cannot build a successful nation once they are yoked to these two evils, ignarance and greed.
A leader’s goal is to remain relevant even when time changes.
The same styles you used earlier may become monotonous over time. You want to remain relevant, so you got to change that style. Reinvent yourself always: You must create a new you
The change the world needs is not in the hand of everyone who is alive. It is in the works of those who deliberately contribute to make it a better place.
Those who mock at you, shall one day worship you.
Watch out success will only arrive when your action are strong enough to attract them.
The same styles you used earlier may become monotonous over time. You want to remain relevant, so you got to change that style.
The height of your success will be measured with reference to the depth from which you started.
Never take tiny dreams for granted. They contain giant success stories.
The rise or fall, success or failure of your dreams is largely dependent on the association you build yourself around.
Keep to active learning. You must learn, research and be so passionate about new ways and methods of doing things to be and remain relevant.
I suggest to you, late or not late, the moment you have discovered that the mission of someone is to pee on your dreams, keep him away or keep away from him.
You can’t work with people you hate and succeed. At least, you won’t get the optimum of what you would have obtained when you work with people you love.
The essence of adversity is to show us the real brave people who can withstand it.
Calamities reveal your capabilities. Take note of this and when times get odd, prepare and shine.
Remember, one step leads to the other and therefore never neglect the first step. It will give you the confidence you need to sail through with victory
I trust that you are aware that today’s success is tomorrow’s mediocrity. This means anything appealing today will be appalling tomorrow.
Great things in business are never done by one person,They are done by a team of people
People who boast about age are actually forgetting something special. Age is not barrier to or elevator to success that’s the job of vision.
Enlightenment is not a rocket science, it is the pure awareness of something deep within you that is ageless, formless and undefinable.
YOU ARE HERE FOR A CAUSE. YOU REACH TO YOUR ULTIMATE DESTINY BY LIVING THAT CAUSE.
It is not speed that matters, it's persistence.
One of the first steps to successful leadership is to always forget your age and remember your dream regularly.
One of the first steps to successful leadership is to forget your age and remember your dream.
Great leaders inspire greatness in others.
Confidence believes you are able. Competence knows you are able.
Appreciating others can be the catalyst that unleashes their greatness.
We must always be mindful of who we are being while we are leading.
You only fix something, when it’s broken. And you - are far from broken.
Say to yourself, I am perfect, the way I am. Say to yourself, I am beautiful the way I am. Say to yourself, those who do not accept me the way I am, do not deserve me in their life.
Women are no sheep. Women are no fragile showpiece to be placed above the fire-place. Women of the thinking society are the builders of nations. Women of the sentient society are the builders of the world.
The representation of women in the society, especially through mass media has been the most delusional act ever done on the grounds of human existence.
A society where feminine beauty is defined not by the human self on genuine intellectual and sentimental grounds, but by a computer software on the grounds of economic interest, is more dead than alive. It is a society of human bodies, not human beings.
How dare a person tell a woman, how to dress, how to talk, how to behave! Any being who does that, is no human.
Listen my dear sister! You only fix something, when it’s broken. And you - are far from broken. Say to yourself, I am perfect, the way I am. Say to yourself, I am beautiful the way I am. Say to yourself, those who do not accept me the way I am, do not deserve me in their life.
The female brain itself is a highly intuitive emotion-processing machine, which when put to practice in the progress of the society, would do much more than any man can with all his analytical perspectives.
Women of the thinking society are the builders of nations. Women of the sentient society are the builders of the world. And given the same honor and dignity as men, women can build a much better and more harmonious world. Harmony and conflict-solving run in their veins. Whereas men have evolved into more authoritarian creatures.
I’d rather listen to what you think of yourself, than what the whole world has to say about you.
I believe in you my friend, so much so, that if any of my ideas make you feel belittled in any manner, I want you to rise against me and throw my work into the fire. Any notion, any book, any institution that weakens the self instead of strengthening it, must be discarded at ones.
You don’t need to see yourself through the delusional eyes of the society. It’s the society that needs to see you, through your eyes.
It is only when you are confident about your own self, that the society begins to hail you the way you want.
I am no feminist. Even though the term "feminism" is founded upon the basic principle of gender equality, it possesses its own fundamental gender bias, which makes it inclined towards the wellbeing of women, over the wellbeing of the whole society. And if history has shown anything, it is that such fundamental biases in time corrupt even the most glorious ideas and give birth to prejudice, bigotry and differentiation.
O my Courageous Sister! You have to become the beacon of hope for all women around you and then for the whole society.
I am a scientist who studies the human mind, including the sexual differences in mental faculties, and I am telling you, ten female thinkers can teach humanity lessons equivalent to the teachings of a hundred male thinkers of history.
Remember, for a society to truly progress we don't need woman or man, we need a fully-fledged human - nothing short of that would do.
Given the same honor and dignity as men, women can build a much better and more harmonious world.
All the bloodsheds in human history have been caused by men, not women.
Once your character is poured with vigor and your attitude radiates confidence, there is no power in any external force to have any form of authority over you.
Gender equality is not a belief, it is not an idea - it is a key element of the society that will define whether we the humans shall march ahead towards glory and advancement, or sink into the abyss of an existential doom.
Women are no sheep.
Any book that spreads weakness in the heart of one gender, and authoritarianism in the other, must be burnt to ashes.
Any nation that does not learn to place women on the same pedestal of respect and dignity as men, will never in a thousand years attain greatness.
You are not born to follow the society, you are born to inspire it - you are born to teach it - you are born to build it.
The world doesn't need a good woman who is meekly obedient to the uncivilized social norms that advocate female inferiority. The world needs those bad women who can think for themselves, to break the primeval norms of the society that consistently drag the human civilization back to the stone-age.
For thousands of years, the dumb, uncivilized, stone-age society has reduced women to mere prizes to be won, objects to be shown off, and playthings to be abused and toyed with. Now is the time to stop this primitive madness.
Beauty is an illusion.
Your skills will aid you to define your brand. Your brand determines who leads you and who you lead.
If attempting to make the world a civilized one, makes you a bad woman in the eyes of the dumb patriarchal society, then, by all means, be it.
Arise my Sister! Awake my Sister! Start walking in the path of building your own identity!
Seven Ways To Get Ahead in Business:1. Be forward thinking 2. Be inventive, and daring3. Do the right thing4. Be honest and straight forward5. Be willing to change, to learn, to grow6. Work hard and be yourself7. Lead by example
The choice to believe in something bigger than yourself is the beginning of the transformational mastery of your success~
There is no shortcut for hard work that leads to effectiveness. You must stay disciplined because most of the work is behind the scenes.
What a hundred caring, courageous and conscientious women can achieve in ten years, would take a thousand men a hundred years.
No great leader can be made by image-builders.
Freedom of Speech doesn't justify online bullying. Words have power, be careful how you use them.
Focus on your work. Do what you're great at. Don't compare yourself to others and or waste time criticizing the lives and work of others. Do what matters most to you and make a difference doing that.
Today is a new day and it brings with it a new set of opportunities for me to act on.I am attentive to the opportunities and I seize them as they arise.I have full confidence in myself and my abilities.I can do all things that I commit myself to.No obstacle is too big or too difficult for me to handle because what lies inside me is greater than what lies ahead of me.I am committed to improving myself and I am getting better daily.I am not held back by regret or mistakes from the past.I am moving forward daily.Absolutely nothing is impossible for me.
When you work on something that only has the capacity to make you 5 dollars, it does not matter how much harder you work – the most you will make is 5 dollars.
When you stay in your comfort zone, you are not learning.
If you have assimilated even one idea and made it your life, you have more education than any person who has got by heart the entire Library of Congress.
To the degree that one relates sensitively, appropriately, and even charmingly, to the people and events faced in business and personal life, success will follow.
You only ever have three things: 1) your self, wellbeing and mindset 2) Your life network, resources and resourcefulness 3) Your reputation and goodwill. Treasure and tend the first. Value, support and build the second. And mindfully, wisely ensure that the third (your life current and savings account) is always in credit.
There can never be someone greater at being you than you.
It's funny when so many people I meet tell me that I'm a complicated and mysterious person they can’t understand. The problem isn't in me but in them. When I say something, I do it. The problem is that they don't believe I will, and they don't believe anyone can do what I say I will. That's their confusion. But actually, I'm a simple person, as I always match my own words. That's how you must see it. Just cut through "common sense" and move forward, and achieve! Let others worry about the how.
The very nature of education encourages group think and a fear of getting it wrong. When you read what great leaders throughout history have said, the willingness to take risks and be wrong is what leads to their eventual success. The thing that separates those who become great leaders and those who don’t is that great leaders are resilient. When their plans do not work out they try again. They don’t stop trying until they meet with success.
A crisp, clean $100 bill that is crumbled up, thrown to the ground, stepped on and rubbed in the dirt still maintains its value.Life may crumble you, throw you to the ground, step on you and rub you in the dirt, but you still maintain your value.Just as a crumbled up $100 bill still has purchasing power, your life still has purposeful power; and nothing or no one can ever take that away from you.
Developing strong interpersonal relationships by creating lasting connections instead of just passing acquaintances will take your business to a new level.
Belief in God optional. Belief in the self is imperative.
You never want one thing at any given moment of life. Your mind always comes up with at least two choices. If your limbic system wins, the choice you make seems to be pleasurable at first but in the long run ends up being the wrong one. And if your prefrontal cortex wins the choice you make may appear rough at first, but in the long run it turns out to be the right one.
Legends are born in solitude. Idiots are born in packs.
You never know where you can possibly reach in your lifetime if you pursue the path of constant and never ending self-development.
Go for continuous self development if you aim at reaching mountaintop of your self-mastery.
Tenacity is essential for accomplishment in anything you do. Without drive, determination and a strong-willed attitude, one's level of success at many endeavors will be limited in scope.
Today is a good day to have a great day.
There is no such thing as a weakness, only blindspots. No such thing as failure, they are just detours and scenic routes to remember your success
speak from heart to get heard by heart.
Success is less about what you get at the end but more about who you become in the journey.
Follow your inner voice to let people follow you.
Wisdom is hard to get but hardest to lose if once obtained.
Your targets empower you as they allow yourself to bring out the best within you.
self-education is the education of your inner infinite creative resources and essential to get if you want to live a life of freedom, abundance and fulfillment.
But if you forgive someone for something they did to you, it doesn’t mean you agree with what they did or believe it was right. Forgiving that person means you have chosen not to dwell on the matter anymore; you have moved on with your life.
All great achievements of humanity begin with the madness of a few lion-hearts.
Never mind the mistakes. One day they will become your most prized possessions.
True Leadership is having multiple generations working together successfully and passionately to create significance.
Manifesting your dreams into reality becomes easier when your passionate commitment engages your laser focus on success
The average person will take the excuses, but the leader will always take responsibilities
The true meaning of life lies in learning. When you learn, you understand the things better, when you understand the things better, it reflects in your actions, and when your actions are right, according to the process of life, you are bound to receive the desired result.
Leaders are not, as we are often led to think, people who go along with huge crowds following them. Leaders are people who go their own way without caring, or even looking to see, whether anyone is following them. "Leadership qualities" are not the qualities that enable people to attract followers, but those that enable them to do without them. They include, at the very least, courage, endurance, patience, humor, flexibility, resourcefulness, stubbornness, a keen sense of reality, and the ability to keep a cool and clear head, even when things are going badly. True leaders, in short, do not make people into followers, but into other leaders.
I probably felt more resentment for what I personally was to suffer than for the wrong they were doing to anyone and everyone. But at that time I was determined not to put up with badly behaved people more out of my own interest than because I wanted them to become good people.
You have a life make a success of it.
Creativity is a unique characteristics that a person can posses from his or her own knowledge when he or she is creating changes in society that can benefit a vast amount of people.
Most people who were educated have become the "problems" instead of problem solvers.
Make your education valuable. Apply what you learnt. Refuse to take the back seat and watch things happen. Join the change and be part of the change.
Education is not merely meant for you to write and pass exams, get a good job and a good spouse, and settle down for survival.
If you hate to think, you are not different from some who is peeing on his academic certificates. The goal of education is to help you to think and lead.
Most of the world’s problems are caused by people who made education compulsory, but personal development optional. Because of them, we have many intelligent people who lack good characters.
Strive for perfection, knowing it will never be achieved.
Sow the seeds of weakness and inferiority in the kids and they’ll grow up to be inferior, crawling, insignificant insects. Sow the seeds of courage and they’ll become brave-heart leaders who will one day change the course of human history.
Character- building education is what the world needs – education, that will empower the mind with such an unimaginable strength that one would meet death face to face and say “some other time, pal!
If you don’t allow one to become a lion, one will become a sheep. And the world is already filled with sheeps, which is the major cause of the society’s intellectual and moral downfall. For a better future to evolve, where humanism will be an all-pervading virtue and separatism will be a matter of ancient history, the world needs lions.
How insightful of Finland to devise a topic-based curriculum in their schools! This means that dicreet "subjects" that are taught may cross-fertilise each other, and the possibilities in this are amazing!
Your nation needs you. Your world needs you. So, use your education to become endowed with muscles of iron and nerves of steel.
The leaders and followers of the Harlem Renaissance were every bit as intent on using Black culture to help make the United States a more functional democracy as they were on employing Black culture to 'vindicate' Black people.
Knowledge in our heads is useless. Its power is unleashed only when it is shared.
If people institute wrong institutions, wrong institutions do not just produce wrong people, but wrong people who understand and accept mediocrity as an institution
Freedom comes from focus, focus brings freedom. Focus on fear you will always be in prison, focus on faith and is nothing the world can keep you knocked down.
Dear Lord please show me what really matters so that I may be able to determine what is distraction and God's direction in my life.
If God can help us locate demands, He can also help us locate the leaks.
Long before something happens in our life, it happened in our heart.
If I should be available to everyone, I will eventually end up with nothing to give to anyone. So the greatest gift you can receive from me is my time. Count yourself lucky if I give you a minute of my hour.
What starts in the heart doesn't stay in the heart, it either turn into action or words.
The enemies agenda is destruction, his strategy is division and his tactics is on little differences. Mind you he is not going to be happy until he sees you divided.
Do you know where your breakthrough begins? Your breakthrough begins where your excuses ends.
The open door is never behind you; the open door is always before you. Quit looking at your past life and mistakes. Look unto Jesus who is the Author and Perfector of our faith. Your open door is not in the opportunity you missed ten years ago, it is not in some stuffs behind you that you can't get back. You can't gain your access by giving attention to your past life.Your past days are behind you and what God has for you is in front of you. Just pay attention.
If negative emotions have gain access into your heart, it is because you have given it attention. If memories of pain and hurt dominates your heart, it is because you gave them attention. How can a memory hurt you when it has only happened? It can only hurt you when you give it attention.
The forgiveness of God flows through me and because I am forgiven, I can forgive.
If you ask me I think the greatest breakthrough each and everyone of us need is not on finance, marriage, work, relationship, own house, car but self. The first breakthrough should start from being selfish.
Is it not funny, in the presence of an unlimited God, we will still be stucked? Sometimes faith overwrites the fact, that some people have not come to realise. Stop giving excuses and telling God what is happening around you. You have the tools.
There is no where that life problem can take you that God's presence cannot reach you. There is nothing that people can do to you that can keep God from getting to you.
You have a standing invitation to experience God's presence but you have to pay attention because attention creates access.
The reason some people do not experience God in their life is the same reason that we do not notice that something is going wrong with our marriage untill we arrive in a divorce court or that something is wrong with our child until we got a phone call from the police station . Simply put....Because we do not pay attention
When I call on God, I am not trying to get his attention and I am not trying to get Him to notice me. In all this my journey with Him two questions usually comes to my mind, they are; am I paying attention to him or am I trying to get his attention?
Sometimes we are asking God to reveal his presence, provisions and purpose in our lives and we pray like we are trying to get God's attention but I think prayer has less with getting God's attention but He getting mine.
Evil is real but God is greater.
God always have a perfect way for every imperfect situations.
Could it be that while you are waiting for God to come down and help you, God is also waiting for you to get up? Maybe your breakthrough never happen when your situation changes but when you make a determination within yourself without excuses or blaming anybody and not waiting for anyone and stop praying that your situation change but let God change you. Let your prayer be God change me, God work in me, spring out the rivers of living water within me and I bet you, this is where the breakthrough begins.☺just a thought and something to ponder on....
The size of a plane does not change the weather but it will get you above it. The size of your faith may not change your situation but it will get you over it.
For those of you who are begging God for a breakthrough, this is not the way of getting something from your heavenly father, you don't have to beg him for what He already bought for you, you don't have to beg Him for what He died to give you. You don't have to convince people, you don't have to convince anybody if God likes to do a work in your life, it is done.
The more desperate the situation, the more opportunity for miracle. If you need something from God, you need to be at the right place, the right position and at the right time
Do you want to feel better or do you want to get well are two different things. Some people go to church to feel better but never get well. Some come to church for comfort and leave unchanged. And that is what sin represents. ..it is a place to be comfortable thereby feeling normal in your own disfunction.
Stop praying to God to change your marriage or your finances because you might end up seeing that you are the one that need the change not your marriage or finances.
What you see and what you listen to will determine how high you will go.
Love, inspirational, life, humor, philosophy, truth, wisdom, happiness, god, hope, romance, death, inspirational-quotes, quotes, faith, poetry,writing, inspiration, knowledge  Religion, education, success, relationships, funny, science, life-lessons, books, motivational, spirituality, dreams, fear, freedom, intelligence, friendship, humour, war, motivation, time, women, beauty, reading, art, politics, Christianity, soul, leadership, pain, change, history, people, marriage, nature, peace, music, heart, self-help, spiritual
It is weird to me on how people will come to church frequently and have absolutely no desire or intention to change anything about their life based on what they experienced in the church.
Have you ever make out time to ask God if there is anything or anybody you need to drop in your life? Are you still holding on to offences? When is the right time to drop it?I am sure once you make this attempt He will show you.I declare that God is going to set some captives free.
Offence is an event, offended is a decision. Offence and offended we have to live through it but to stay offended? To live in that place denies the very nature of the salvation that you claimed to have received.
I didn't get to God by effort or title, I got there by invitation. God can lift you quickly if you let Him. He really cares.
Being married or being in a close relationship is not based on how quickly you can get offended but on how you are ready to drop the offences, get over it and move ahead.
Before Marriage opposite attracts, after marriage opposite attacks☺. Just telling you the truth.
God takes two and make them one but satan takes one and make it two.
The closer the relationship, the greater the opportunities for intimacy. However the greater the opportunity the closer to offence. (A bit deep). Nobody can really make you mad more than someone that you really love. Nobody can hurt you like the somebody you have given your heart to.
You can't love me if you don't love you, you can't think of nothing to do with me if you can't think of nothing to do with yourself, stop feeling sorry for yourself and tidy up, clean up the apartment until you get a house, do that job until you build your own company. Look at what you have and think on how to make it better.
Character is a course, finish it.
There is a throne up there and someone is sitting on it. It is not you, the economy or your government. My God is still on the throne and I shall not worry.
My faith gives me the ability to say, whatever is next, I'm ready. If it is Hillary or Trump I am ready because they might sit on the desk but they do not sit on the throne.
You don't have to feel grateful in order to be grateful.
Be an example to teach, be a role model to follow, and be a leader to emulate.
If the surprise outcome of the recent UK referendum - on whether to leave or remain in the European Union - teaches us anything, it is that supposedly worthy displays of democracy in action can actually do more harm than good. Witness a nation now more divided; an intergenerational schism in the making; both a governing and opposition party torn to shreds from the inside; infinitely more complex issues raised than satisfactory solutions provided. It begs the question 'Was it really all worth it' ?
Memories of the past are what drive us, whether to a life of beauty or a life of insanity is up to us.
In the end all the puzzles of your life will be solved ,until then... laugh at the scepticism, live for the moment and remember everything happens for a reason.
Strong people don't put others down. They lift them up and slam them on the ground for maximum damage.
Every interaction is an opportunity to learn, Only if we are interested in improving rather than proving.
Life is a university, you will keep learning new things all the time. The tombstone will be your degree.Make sure it's worth a fortune for those who admire you.
Life's too short to wake up in the morning with regrets, So ... Love the people who treat you right and pray for the ones who don't. Life is 10% what you make it 90% how you take it.
Life is about the moments you create, that you can keep it with you FOREVER. After everything is over,That is what we have or what we are left with.
A person with good heart is always happy. However its a myth because most of the time his heart is full of wounds as it except only good thing from others still he love the people who treat it right & pray for the ones who don't
Life is about the moments you create,that you can keep with you forever.After everything is over,That is what we have or what we are left with.
Love is what makes two people sit in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room at both ends. Love means nothing in tennis,But it's everything in life
If someone talks bad about us, we feel bad. If someone talks good about us we feel good. The question is ,Have we given our remote to others for the way we feel?Live your life in your way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For a happy life,it's best we should ignore &overlook things,people,incidents,affairs & matters.It is not necessary that we show a reaction to everything. Step back & ask yourself if the matter is really worth responding to.
If we try to see something positive in everything we do, life won't necessarily become easier but it becomes more valuable.
A lot of pain that we are dealing with are really only THOUGHTS.
The most important subject in the curriculum in the future years will be how to love ourselves and be content.
Literacy rate tells us about the section of society who can read and write, but do we have a tool which can share the stats about out how many educated illiterates we have in our society.
Tenderhearted people are silent sufferers they just learn the art to fly with broken wings.
There's a story behind every "I don't believe in love""Period
Its not your fault for not being there.Its my fault for thinking you would be
We live in a society where every business has a huge scope. Even if you open a shop selling snakes people will buy it. Thinking they will direct them to their neighbors house.
Pick a leader who will make their citizens proud. One who will stir the hearts of the people, so that the sons and daughters of a given nation strive to emulate their leader's greatness. Only then will a nation be truly great, when a leader inspires and produces citizens worthy of becoming future leaders, honorable decision makers and peacemakers. And in these times, a great leader must be extremely brave. Their leadership must be steered only by their conscience, not a bribe.
Pick a leader who will keep jobs in your country by offering companies incentives to hire only within their borders, not one who allows corporations to outsource jobs for cheaper labor when there is a national employment crisis. Choose a leader who will invest in building bridges, not walls. Books, not weapons. Morality, not corruption. Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance. Stability, not fear and terror. Peace, not chaos. Love, not hate. Convergence, not segregation. Tolerance, not discrimination. Fairness, not hypocrisy. Substance, not superficiality. Character, not immaturity. Transparency, not secrecy. Justice, not lawlessness. Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction. Truth, not lies.
Create your own path.Don't blindly follow the massess... because most of the time the "M" is silent.
Pick a leader who will not only bail out banks and airlines, but also families from losing their homes -- or jobs due to their companies moving to other countries. Pick a leader who will fund schools, not limit spending on education and allow libraries to close. Pick a leader who chooses diplomacy over war. An honest broker in foreign relations. A leader with integrity, one who says what they mean, keeps their word and does not lie to their people. Pick a leader who is strong and confident, yet humble. Intelligent, but not sly. A leader who encourages diversity, not racism. One who understands the needs of the farmer, the teacher, the doctor, and the environmentalist -- not only the banker, the oil tycoon, the weapons developer, or the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist.
Your friends can be double-edged knife thy can either nurture you or destroy you. Choose them Wisely......
Everything interested him and everything excited him.
He couldn't be a doctor, or he would have a quieter and more persuasive manner.
The more beautiful the vision, the more complicated the execution.
A willing spirit, diligently perform the sacred duty.
Growing older doesn't mean that you are more mature than everyone who is younger than you. Maturity is a lot of things, and age has nothing to do with it.
It's a good day for Kokomo
Reject anything advice, which does not lead to your personal progress.
Boundaries are easier to manage when your values are well-defined.
You can lose your MONEY. You can lose your FRIENDS. You can lose your JOB and you can lose your MARRIAGE...and still recover...as long as there is HOPE. Never lose HOPE.
Every challenge you encounter in life is a fork in the road. You have the choice to choose which way to go - backward, forward, breakdown or breakthrough.
There has never been a meaningful life built on easy street.
I must admit, that I have learned more from my negative experiences than I have ever learned from my positive one.
Faith UP! Your purpose is GREATER than all your PROBLEMS.
Every great leader can take you back to a defining moment when they decided to lead
A true dreamer is one who knows how to navigate in the dark”.
One should measure their life by the faith they embrace and the relationships they cherish
I have learned that the harder you fall…the higher you bounce!
Coming to the END of MYSELF and all SELF effort...seems to be the very point that God steps in and shows HIMSELF to be more than ENOUGH.
Leaders in OVER their heads is the mere result of getting ahead of their intended SEASON.
There are two kinds of leaders, cowboys and Shepherds. Cowboys drive and Shepherds lead.
Life seems to be fashioned and formed best out of the obstacles that seem unbearable.
I have not learned a single lesson, been inspired or impacted by another person’s life void of negative experiences.
The real architect of a life is the hard and almost impossible circumstances one faces.
Small thinking and big dreams is an oxymoron
The time is now, the person is you; better your life and become a name to conjure with in this day and age.
True leaders bring out your personal best. They ignite your human potential”.
The secret to strong leaders is that strong leaders are strong because they have been tempered by the negative. They have discovered the secret of combining the negative and the positive to PRODUCED their very own POWER plant!
...[I]ron discipline does not preclude but presupposes criticism and contest of opinion within the Party. Least of all does it mean that discipline must be 'blind'. On the contrary, iron discipline does not preclude but presupposes conscious and voluntary submission, for only conscious discipline can be truly iron discipline.
Living life ONCE is enough...if you live life RIGHT.
Life of any real value or substance is not formed during good times merely enjoyed.
... Gunpei Yokoi, asked his boss, 'What should I make?' Nintendo chief executive Hiroshi Yamauchi replied, 'Something great.'Game Over Nintendo's Battle to Dominate Videogames
Manipulative Leaders Create Distrust and selfishnessTransactional Leaders Create Mediocrity and complacencyMotivational Leaders Create Positivity and ActionInfluential Leaders Create Growth and Empowerment Servant-Leaders Create Authenticity and Explosive GrowthTransformational Leaders Create Change and Leave Legacies
I was not born with a silver spoon in my mouth, nor did I have access to information like you do today via the internet. I had to learn everything the hard way. And I had to become a scientist the old-fashioned way, which is, not through academia, but through trial and error. And my hardship opened up unforeseen gateways of perception in my mind. And through these gateways, today the whole world is able to see its inner self.
Your actions prove your efficiency and your lip service proves your inability.
You can only destroy something that I have but you can't destroy something that I am.
Give one of your smiles, its costs nothing… but enrich others life to dream more.
It’s very easy to blame others, but very difficult to prove your ability.
How much you know it’s depending upon your action not in your lip service.
Your actions prove you efficiency and your lip service proves your inability.
Jealousy and anger are two common nature of human being. As I feel there is nothing that can stop us from feeling so. So, if you take it negative way then there is nothing that can able to stop you from devil and if you take it positive way then there is nothing that can able to stop you from success.
My death was written in that day when I was born, That is why I don’t fear about to die. I just fear that when I die who will cry?
Don’t disappoint anyone by telling them that they are weak enough to fight for their rights. Encourage them by telling that they are strong enough to fight for their rights. Because they want your support not your sympathy.
Prime vision of my life is to help others. And if I can’t help them, atleast I do not try to disappoint them.
Ritual and ceremony are powerful bonding tools. They result in a sense of community, a feeling of unity far beyond what you might expect.
Great leaders are inspired by a challenge, a need, a problem, an issue that needs to be corrected.
Old school mission statements defined what an organization did. Contemporary mission statements define why an organization does what it does.
Understand that all motivation is internal, or intrinsic.
Develop an 'Attitude of Gratitude.' Try this little exercise: List three things for which you are grateful at this moment. It might be monumental, like having survived a disease. It might besomething spiritual, like your relationship with God or your family. It might be simple, like the fact that your car started this morning. Whatever positive things you list, it is always good for your outlook to be grateful.
A happy and productive person is one who understands that his or her job is not the purpose of his or her life. Go on vacation, use up your sick days, ask for a temporary leave-of-absence—anything that allows you to recharge your batteries away from your typical routine. No leave, no life.
Doubt not the self O lion-heart, for those who call you crazy will one day worship you.
Whatever you do, do it as a master, not as a slave.
Confidence of a dedicated person, seems to be over-confidence to ordinary masses.
The Word that will change a man must first show the man who he really is.
If you want to be drunk, become drunk with an idea.
If you want to be drunk, become drunk with an idea. If you want pleasure, have pleasure from the pursuit of your passion. If you want to be indoctrinated, then be so by the natural law of humanism.
The end product of the successful preacher's input is transformation.
Some doors are open, but we are still searching for the right keys.
We are very skilled, but at the same time too lazy.
Hungry people always win.
The world needs something from you, my friend. It needs the heart that is deep as the ocean and infinite as the outer-space. Can you provide that my friend! Can you make your will so large and your conscience so sharp that in front of which, a thousand Everests and a thousand Kilimanjaros would bow!
I have learnt that the best time for one to shout victory is in the middle of the war, it gives much more courage to go forward and conquer, it motivates you, it causes you to set your face towards the dangers ahead while having your heart, mind, soul and spirit on victory
No God, no messiah, no prophet can grant your wishes – it is only through your own efforts that you can make your wishes come true – it is only you who can grant your own wishes.
Stop being the sheep and become the lion my friend!
The Human Self is the only friend and savior to all humanity.
There is no God in Buddha’s teachings. There is no religious ritual in Buddha’s teachings. All that there is, is simple “Karma” or “Work” – that is the “Dhamma” or “Duty” or “Religion” he preached.
The world needs courage and conscience that can penetrate into the darkest mysteries and secrets of the universe.
Be excellent in your own terms.
All your sufferings can be alleviated by no other person but you.
The world needs gigantic strong wills in front of which even the mountains will be crumbled.
Character is what the world needs - character that will empower the mind with such an unimaginable strength that one would meet death face to face and say “some other time, pal!
What I want from you comrade, what the world wants from you, O dearest, are the neurons of steel, within which dwells a mind of the same material of which the thunderbolt is made.
I – the eternal idea of oneness, have said this before – and now in the century 21st, say once again - Awake, my friend! Arise, my friend! Start walking my friend! And do not stop until you bring the change you wish to see in your society!
Love opens the most impossible gates in the world. Feel, therefore, my would-be patriots. Do you feel? Do you feel that millions of your sisters and brothers are starving today and have been in such condition for ages? Do you feel my dear soldiers? Do you feel that the light of truth has become much scarier to the society than the darkness of ignorance? Does this not make you restless? Does this not make you sleepless? Has it not gone into your blood yet, coursing through your veins, becoming resonant with your heart-beat? Are you not yet seized with the one idea of lifting the misery from the society? Have you not been yet immersed in this idea, so much so that, you have forgotten your name, your fame, your property and even your very physical existence as a flesh and blood being? Have you done that yet? That is the very first step of the real education my friend. Your world needs heroes. Be Heroes!
I’ve never been motivated by money – it doesn’t drive Me.
I had to make a choice, either take care of my family and become a good son, or be a bad son and start working towards constructing a world of harmony and peace. I chose the later.
Some days of my vagabond life I read Arthur Schopenhauer and others Friedrich Nietzsche. I was a humble learner – an empty vessel - at the feet of the legends of human history. I was a seeker of truth, travelling through time while quenching my thirst for knowledge. And a humble learner of today becomes a strong leader of tomorrow.
Lead by example, the change you want to see in this world starts with you.
Fortune crowns the bold before the worthy
History, too, has a penchant for giving birth to itself over and over again, and those whom it appoints agents of change and progress do not always accept their destinies willingly.
Change is not always easy when patterns in our lives have existed so long.
The point at which things happen is a decision. In stead of focusing on yourself, focus on how you can help someone else.
A delirious person would think there's only one way, and that way is simple, but the truth is no way of living is simple, and there are many ways like there are many roads, but one must think above the system, and the individual must work strong to avail enough to be satisfied.
I don't think that we should waste our time criticizing other people. Self-criticism allows us to be the best version of ourselves.
Don't waste your energy in fighting the old. Use it to build the new.
Every single creature on earth manages to survive one way or another, but not every creature truly lives.
Be an inspiration for short time than living for a long time
Forgiveness is the subjective and fertile ground the acorn falls upon when gifted to ourselves and others.
Our evolution depends on our memory. If we keep forgetting the mistakes of the past, only to keep repeating them, then we will never change. Humanity will never move forward, spiritually or morally, to become superior beings.
There are two powerful fuels, two forces; motivation and inspiration. To be motivated you need to know what your motives are. Over time - and to sustain you through it - your motivation must become an inner energy; a 'motor' driving you forward, passionately, purposefully, wisely and compassionately... come what may, every day. Inspiration is an outer - worldly - energy that you breathe and draw in. It may come from many places, faces, spaces and stages - right across the ages. It is where nature, spirit, science, mind and time meet, dance, play and speak. It keeps you outward facing and life embracing. But you must be open-minded and open-hearted to first let it in and then let it out again. Together - blended, combined and re-entwined - motivation and inspiration bring connectivity, productivity, creativity and boundless possibilities that is not just 'self' serving but enriching to all humanity and societies...just as it should be.
The only thing that will make you successful is the believe you have in yourself
Time is priceless; you are responsible for your time. Earn it or kill it, your choice
A Star is always a star no matter what stage they are on or at
We don't have time to waste. this is why I created Network & Golf. I challenge you to find one woman with nothing to do.
Keep your promises and never be late in acting. Act right and do the right things at the right time.
You must be a servant if you want to be great in life
Always be the light. Do not wait for others to take responsibility
Don’t just be a deliverer of yourself, but a deliverer of your whole nation
To be a good professional engineer,always start to study late for exams.Because it teaches you how tomanage time and tackle emergencies.
If I were to vote, I would intentionally vote for the goofiest candidate. It is my theory that when the people can outwit the leader, the more respected their voices will be.
If you are interested in equality at all costs, you should never have gone looking for your power in the first place. Holding authority with integrity is more important than making others feel good.
If you want to get good in Leadership, you probably should start reading the bible.
The Gospel is the good news, not the grouse news. Preaching is not beating, it´s informing in a christlike way.
The duality and the freewill don't exist. There's only one choice to be made, the one that bring us upwards. Self-destruction is not a choice. And yet, every duality presents exactly that, and not really a choice.
Our desires, dreams and hopes, open portals. These portals manifest in our conscience and five senses, in the form of decisions related to the material world but also opportunities. Now, at the exact same time, or maybe even slightly before in time, we get the exact opposite, the temptation, the illusion and deception. And when we are about to make a decision, as if by magic, the two things come stronger to us, as if pushing us into a duality that makes it hard to decide. Now, this brings me to another super interesting fact: Most people assume that they have freewill, and that choices are hard to be made, and that life is full of dualities. And I've learned that this is just a great deception related to our planet, which, as human beings, we must transcend. And what I'm really saying here is that the duality and the freewill don't exist. There's only one choice to be made, the one that bring us upwards. Self-destruction is not a choice. And yet, every duality presents exactly that, and not really a choice.
In an era of globalization, we recognize that we are part of a global society, but we have no idea how to make such a society work. So far, no unified vision or leadership has emerged to guide us in this endeavor. We have not yet found a way to expand the spiritual ideals of democracy so that they pertain to every human being, every animal, and every plant. Until we do, human civilization and the Earth's ecosystem will continue to be in peril.
Spiritual leaders, priests and prophets are lamps burning in the dark, seeking meaning for humanity.
I NEVER KNEW YOU.Only those who do not practice sin can stand in the presence of the holy God.1 John 3:6No one who remains in Him keeps on sinning. No one who continues to sin has seen Him or known Him.
Worship is forever.
One of the functions of leadership is to lead, and weak managers may simply check and check and check with others because they are not capable of leading when it is required of them to lead. Benedict says that in matters of importance the abbot or prioress is to ask everyone in the community, 'starting with the youngest,' and then the abbot or prioress is to 'do what seems best.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Truth is the greatest marketing campaign.
The most difficult step ever is the first step. It comes with doubts, uncertainties, and all sort of fears. If you defy all odd and take it, your confidence will replicate very fast and you'll become a master!
It is a rule of leading people, Gideon. You may be confused, or afraid, or overwhelmed, or all three—those who depend on you must never see it.
When you trust your own abilities and those of the people around you, you overcome fear. And when the people you lead trust themselves and you - that you have their best interests at heart and are authentic - is when you and they will achieve the most.
Stop groveling, stop whining and start working!
The power to compel is not the same thing as leadership, and one does inspire the other. You are not a leader, Walters, you are a bully and a coward of the worst kind. the fear you believe you inspire is merely the fear in which you constantly live, and it undermines the very leadership you profess to have. Strip a bully of his pulpit and he becomes a cowering, quivering thing... You will never lose the fear because it defines you, and the very things you seek to annihilate will be those which ultimately destroy you.
Maybe he sells fear because he's got nothing else to sell.
Hiding behind titles to create security is insecurity.
If I could remove one thing from the world and replace it with something else, I would erase politics and put art in its place. That way, art teachers would rule the world. And since art is the most supreme form of love, beautiful colors and imagery would weave bridges for peace wherever there are walls. Artists, who are naturally heart-driven, would decorate the world with their love, and in that love — poverty, hunger, lines of division, and wars would vanish from the earth forever. Children of the earth would then be free to play, imagine, create, build and grow without bloodshed, terror and fear.
You can shine as a light in this world and you will be safe. The divine has your back.
When last did you thank God? When last did you appreciate him? Some people are just busy praying for more things they need God to do. The best way to pray is by thanking God first for the things He has already done in your life. For the remaining job in your life, He knows how to finish it.
Stop telling God what you want to have , He is going to use what you have left to give you what you need.
I have lived long enough to see God make my enemies my footstool not even footsteps.
The task is not in getting the healing the task is in what will you do with your healing. The task is not in seeing the light  the task is in what will you do with the light. It is when you have choices that God can see who you really are not when you are without.
Question: when you picture Jesus ministering to others, how do you see Him? Certainly not with the stressed-out, hurry-up attitude we often have. Don’t you get an image of Him ministering in a quiet, tranquil peace? That’s a trait you need to develop too. As ambassadors of Christ we need to become more like our Master in dealing with others. Paul writes, ‘Live in peace, and [then] the God of love [Who is the Source of affection, goodwill, love, and benevolence toward men] and the Author and Promoter of peace will be with you.’ When you resort to force, argument, intimidation, anger, and coercion, you’re on your own. But when you demonstrate affection, goodwill, love, and benevolence towards people, God has promised to be with you
Unless you acknowledge your vulnerability for sin, you won’t pray against it and you’ll end up experiencing defeat. The most effective weapon the enemy has against you - is you
Satan can’t prevail against you when you know God’s Word and stand on it. So have your ‘It is written’ armour ready. Build yourself up on the Word of God before the attack comes.
If you are landing it doesn't really matter who is sitting beside you but while you are taking off, it is very important you know who is around you. Eagles don't flock with pigeons.
Any bridge you refuse to burn gives Satan an invitation and re-entry point into your life.
Unanswered prayer is God’s gift … it protects us from ourselves. If all our prayers were answered we’d abuse the power … use prayer to change the world to our liking, and it would become hell on earth. Like spoiled children with too many toys and too much money, we’d grab for more. We’d pray for victory at the expense of others … intoxicated by power we’d hurt people and exalt ourselves. Isaiah said, “The LORD longs to be gracious to you … therefore He waits” (Isaiah 30:18 NASB). Unanswered prayer protects…breaks…deepens and transforms. Past unanswered prayers which left us hurt and disillusioned, act like a refiner’s fire to prepare us for future answers.’ Bottom line: pray with the right motives!
God sends the best to those who deserves it.
Christianity is not for seasonal use, it is for daily use. Make the word of God your daily Language.
Take anything that is above you to God, lift it, bless it and release it and see what God will do.
I believe that to be kept from evil is better than to be healed from sickness.
Any prophet who does not refer you to christ is not a true prophet.
What you need to succeed is already there, just lean on God. For your faith's sake, God can still disappoint the devil.
You can't stop satan from doing his job; his job is to steal, kill and destroy but don't let him stop you from doing your own job; and your job is to bind and lose his stronghold. His job is to destroy you and your job is to destroy him too. Cast him out.
When you go nearer to God, He shows you what to do, He tells you when to do it and He backs whatever He promised.
There must be a demand, there must be an urge and there must be a will and where there is a demand and a will, there will also be a way.
If you are looking for bad news ask new york times or CNN, if you are looking for good news ask me. I am an ambassador of good news.
I do not need to grow up or train in the gym in order to beat the devil, when I know that my God can beat him for me.
Nobody is too holy for the devil's attack, even your tithes and offerings won't stop him either but God rebukes the devourer through your giving.
When you leave where God is sending you to somewhere else, your star will varnish. A lesson to learn here....don't go to Herod's house when you are looking for Jesus.
You can win war without fighting and you must not fight a war in order to win. The battle is of the Lord.
Some people are in church but not in christ because if you are in christ, the first sign of true christianity is peace.
Man may change, government may change, people may change but Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever.
If the word of God cannot do it in your life then your Pastor must be wasting his time.
It is not your duty to run from the devil but resist him and he will flew from you.
You can prophecy without going to the bible school. If you acknowledge Jesus, you receive the gift of prophecy and you can prophecy. The holy spirit is always there for you.
Cheap food always requires expensive treatment.
When next the devil attack you apply your break resist the devil and he will flew from you. The bible didn't say you should run from the devil but resist him.
You don't wait till your case become terminal before you ask for a doctor. If you wait till it becomes incurable you will die without knowing your right. Spiritually put; you don't wait until you have problem before you pray. Pray without ceasing for you do not know when the problem will come. If you can bind headache you can bind cancer. If you can bind fever, you can equally bind ulcer. If you can loss a mentally dreaded man, you can loss and raise the dead.
Nothing is over in my life when Christ is above it. Anything higher than me is still below the feet of Christ. I am not born again to be burnt, I am born again to be born again so that I may live in peace and joy that comes only from God.
Your mouth can correct what is wrong. Your eyes can see evil and your mouth can speak righteousness. Your body can say I am sick while your mouth can say I am healed. Your eyes can say I am blind but your mouth can say I can see, Your pocket can say I am empty while your mouth can say I am swimming in abundance. Your Doctor can say that you are HIV Postive and Cancer but your mouth can say my body is a holy temple of God and by His stripes I am healed. Your womb can say that you are barren while your mouth can say "Behold, children are a gift of the LORD, The fruit of the womb is a reward." Don´t live by sight, live by faith. Put it in practice.
See it (your situations) with your eyes but direct it to God
Anything that doubt me can´t doubt my God. Any situation that is too high for me can never be too high for my God.
What you say about your situation matters a lot in life than what you do to it. It helps when you know what to say. When things are not going the way they are supposed to go, God does not keep quiet, He always say something. Do the same, change your situation with the words of your mouth.
Faith to challenge equals recovery. When you learn to challenge your situation God speaks.
I do not wait till i am in trouble till i can call on God. I have learned to speak the way God speaks, I have learned to see things the way God sees and I have also learned to handle it the way God handles it. Christ is the daily language of my mouth and faith is my daily talk and my actions have become the language of my life.
While studying my bible, I noticed that all the miracle Jesus did was never magical, the people that received their healing call it the blind man, the woman with the issue of blood, lazarus, the man they threw through the ceiling to him etc, had one thing in common. I didn't call it faith but I call it action. ...they made a move and was ready to make a shift and a change.Lessons to learn from here; faith without work better put without action is dead. Secondly, miracle will never find you in your sitting room, you need to make a move in order to find it. Third, God can only start the work in your life only with what you have left not what you do not have. Fourth, do your own part and then allow God to do the one you cannot do. Fifth, always be ready for a change. Sixth, when you have done everything and nothing seems to work....Call on JESUS...I am a living withness, He always starts when we are tired.
Christians believe in a big God but do small things and this is a big insult to God.
Dear Lord I am tired of forgiving people that offended me. Is there anyway you can fix this people's mind to do the right thing? Dear Lord I am tired of loving those that hate me, can you please replace their hateful heart with a lovng spirit. Dear Lord I am tired of hearing people complaining about the world not being peaceful, no money, so much wars and no love. Can you please open their eyes to see that there will be no peace for a wicked man. Remind them that you promised to supply all their needs and that with you all things are possible but it is possible to only those that believe just as I believe that only you can fix any hurting soul and situations.
You are created to be a creator. God does not give anyone a finished product. God did not create the telephone, car, computers, Facebook, amazon, ebay, God did not make a chair, He created a tree for you to produce the chair. He gave you the raw materials to look at and ask yourself what can I do with this?Are you a producer or a consumer? .....ponder
There is nothing good in the devil and there is nothing bad in God and with God all things are possible . And all things are possible to those that believe.
God didn't call me to kill me. He called me to glory and virtue. My body has dropped on His feet to follow me home no more. Who the son of God set free is free indeed.
If God give you a status, don't turn yourself to a statue. Don't become a monument. God still want to reside inside you but not in a monument.
The people that loves God, do they also have troubles? Yes but the troubles never have them. They can have pain but pain can't have them. Paul was in prison but prison was not in him. Don't let what you have, have you. Have money and time but don't let them have you. Have good name and title but don't let name and title have you but let God get glory out of it.
Any day God removes His hand from you, you are finished. Your hope and trust is only in Him. Your confidence, your strength, your power and your life is in God. There is no better life without Him. Look around the world and you will understand me.
So long as you are in God's hands, He will not throw you away. God cannot drop you for you to be ashamed.
I have lived long enough to know that wherever there is crisis there is always Christ. Look for Jesus in the middle of all your crisis. Whenever He comes the whole storm goes down.
Is your wife the devil? That is the reason the bible says we should cast out devil. Is your husband the devil? The bible still repeat cast out the devil. How can you reach your world if you can't reach your home? How do you expect to win the whole world if you can't win in your house.
Spiritual life is not mystic; when you decide to work with God, you have stepped to mystery, God can intervene at any time, God can come down even when you are not ready. From the minute you know and understand that God is interested in your marriage, job, business, health, the minute you know that God is interested in what you are doing for Him, the job will take a new turn, your business will take a new course, your life will have a new direction.
Is there anything in your life trying to slip off? Is your health threatening to leave you? Is your joy threatening to go? Is your job in jeopardy? Is your marriage shaking? Is there anything that you have been looking for in life? Is there anything near you that is about leaving you? Is there anything that you ever lost that was so dear to you? Jesus asked me to tell you that whatever that is gone out of your hand will come back again. Whatever that has gone out of your hand that you need to stay back with you will come back again.
What you need is not too big for God to supply.
In your roughest time, when everything looks so cloudy and deserted, don't look to man, don't look to a woman, don't look to government, don't look to Obama, don't look to Merkel, don't look to wall street, don't look to your family, don't look at your situation either, take off your eyes away from all those things that are so close to you; take it to Him that is bigger than your problem.
Why should sinners prosper and sins suffer? It is ignorant; don't think that the poorer you are the quicker you will see God, sorry no unclean thing shall see heaven. Poverty is a disgrace to God. The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof. You can be free, you can perform a miracle if you are a born again. I do not mean Church goers.
Poverty I am too beautiful to be like you. Sickness from the crown of my head to the sole of my feet, I belong to God.
You can never experience peace until you tell the devil that you are a child of God. CNN or BBC won't do that for you. My bible says if I should say to this mountain, let thou be removed. It didn't say if I should fall, cry or fail but if I should say.......
Leaders are passionate about the Purpose, while Managers need to be passionate about the Results!
You can be in your room and lead people. Just develop your potentials and publicize them and you will see people looking for your product. That is influence
Self-leaders are still true leaders even if they have no known followers. True leaders inspire by the influence of their characters and general self-made brands. Leadership is defined by the virtues of one's behaviour.
Self-leaders do not look for followers because they are busily pursuing their influencial dreams that followers will trace and ask for. Followers look for influence and that can be obtained from self-leaders.
A young child is a leader to an elderly person once his purpose has a faithful, sincere and trustworthy influence on people. Leadership is not restricted to position and age; it is self-made and influencial. Everyone has this self-leadership quality.
Peter's destiny lay along a different path from John's. And your calling is unlike anyone else's. But the call remains the same: "Follow Me!
The concept of leadership is abused by people who think a person becomes a leader when he grows grey hair, put into a position and expected to function. Everyone has a leadership potential carried within in a specific area of his or purpose. Leadership is universal and built on trust.
The only person to influence the direction and purpose of your life is the one who gave it. God!
Take responsibility for the city
Leaders are not born, but made as a result of hard work
Practice what you preach and let people learn from you
In order to know your ministry, you need to start serving and be under the leadership of someone, who already knows his ministry
Life's short. Live passionately.
Imagine a place where everyone chooses to bring energy, passion, and a positive attitude every day.
Cream always rises to the top...so do good leaders".
I refuse to live life with unsettled differences”.
The IMPOSSIBLE is ONLY relevant to those who NEVER attempt it…otherwise it is ABSTACT and MEANINGLESS
[Team player vs team builder]Players focus on the wins and the loses.Builders focus on the team and future of the vision.Let's move our members from team player to team builder.
Sometimes, beyond all else, should be a true passion and investment in driving the result and a lack of fear associated with making it happen.
Branding is fascinating. Creating a brand that is authentic and timeless is what entrepreneurs dream of. Dare to be different, dare to dream.
Poor motivation and alertness cause complacency
Have Fun Storming the Castle!
If you believe all those who are urging you to give up are wrong, prove them wrong!
Perfecting your character isn’t a marathon, a race, or a competition. It can only be won in stride with daily motivation.
Your thinking has the potentiality to make you a kid or a king, in it lies your enthronement or dethronement.
Poetry empowers the simplest of lives to confront the most extreme sorrows with courage, and motivates the mightiest of offices to humbly heed lessons in compassion.
I might be broke but I am not Broken
I am LIMITLESS not bent by the foundations of my own mind.I can create endless possibilities with the world as my canvas
My life is circus
Your message is only as loud as the actions that accompany it. Live your message and it will be heard loud and clear.
You will never get the best out of anyone professionally unless you understand what motivates and makes them tick personally - as a human being
Yesterday was just the tip of the iceberg of awesomeness. Things will get better. Keep smiling, don't give up just yet. Perseverance has an amazing gift for you, just wait you see.
I'd rather be the jester who adds value to those around me than a King with no vision or intention of making a difference.
People stop trying when there’s no benefit for being exceptional and no consequence for being mediocre.
We weren't born to create excuses, we were born to create excellence.
Smile and Slay.You have to slay it in life or life will slay you.
A mindset that understands order, is a mindset that can understand leadership.
Ineffective leadership, is the plight of followers who anoint power to the autocratic persons who's visions are not founded but are rather arbitrary in their nature.
Thought leadership is first and foremost life leadership.
You can provide the conditions for the motivation of others and the leadership to help them find a way but they must have the intrinsic spark, the desire, to move, to overcome the inertia of the status quo and change things.
Do you enjoy your work? Are you happy to get out of bed each morning and dress for the office? If you answered ‘no’ to either of these questions, you are not alone. In a 2014 Conference Board survey, 52 per cent of Americans claimed to be unhappy at work and in a recent CIPD study 23 per cent of Britons claimed to be looking for a new job. In the same survey only about one-third claim to feel engaged with their work. You can see the effects of this in absence, stress and depression. In fact, you can see it in the rush hour in the tired and sad-looking faces of so many commuters.The majority of people I coach are unhappy or dissatisfied with their working lives. They describe their work in so many depressing ways – as ‘boring’, ‘tedious’, ‘mind-numbing’, ‘stressful’, ‘painful’ or even ‘scary’. I hear similar opinions as I travel the world from all types of people no matter what their background, education or choice of career.
There is no failure, unless we fail to begin or we fail to continue.
If you compromise your core values, you go nowhere.
Your values create your internal compass that can navigate how you make decisions in your life. If you compromise your core values, you go nowhere.
Your beliefs affect your choices. Your choices shape your actions. Your actions determine your results. The future you create depends upon the decisions you make and actions you take today.
Wisdom is knowing the right thing to do and doing it at the right time to get the desired result. It is also the correct application of knowledge.
There is no gift of principles, you must apply them if you want to move forward.
Success is the result of actions. Stop wishing and start doing.
You cannot occupy a proper place on earth without wisdom. It is the principal thing you must have.
Every crisis is a wisdom crisis. If you have no peace around you then you lack wisdom.
A lot of people pray for power, house, financial breakthrough, wealth etc. But only few ask God for wisdom. There are so many great power pack man and women of God who lack wisdom.
That you are a born again Christian does not mean you will automatically succeed except you follow God's principles. Never forget faith without good work is dead.
You cannot have a dream and expect someone else's faith to make it a reality for you. Habakuk 2:4
Have you ever reached to a point where you asked God if the assignment is really from Him. In your account you have just 100 dollars and He is asking you to execute a 400 million dollar project. Have you reached to the point that you consider going further will make no sense? Have you reached the point where you asked God are you sure you are still with me?I just found myself in that Junction now. Turning back ....to realise I have gone too far for Him to forsake me. Moving forward I heard the voice saying ...be still and know that I am your God. Giving up.....Couldn't find it in my dictionary.Moral of the lesson. God cannot give you an assignment that is equal to your pocket. If it suits your pocket it is definitely not from God. Remember God will not take glory where nothing happen.
God's word will produce with your level of understanding. The much you can understand it, the more wisdom you are privileged to have.
The money you are looking for is not in any country, phd or your designer outlook, it is in wisdom. Solomon never prayed for wealth but he asked for wisdom.
Wisdom cannot be bought from the walmart, it can only come from the Holy Spirit of God.
A man with wisdom will always have a solution no matter how big his challenges may be. Wisdom makes you a problem solver.
There are too many stars in the sky and none of them is overshadowing the other. Don't let anybody be a threat to your growth.
School does not make people, it is learning that makes people great, that is why you see first class students fail and poor. The world is not ruled by those who went to school, it is ruled by those who learn everyday.
Understand something people, we will be hated by many in the name of Christ, ridiculed, mocked, stoned, slaughtered. We will be fined, jailed and killed for our love for Christ. You are supposed to see better with your eyes today, how close this is happening, just prepare your heart and soul to be braver than Peter and not deny Christ in the moment your life might be in jeopardy for Him and what you believe. Apostle Pauls says to live is Christ to die is gain.
If you want to see the beauty of any fish, throw it into the water, you will see how best it can swim because that is its source. Do you want to see the beauty in you? Don't look in the mirror, don't put on makeups, no jewelleries or expensive designer clothes, just go back and reconnect to your source and I bet, the best of you will show up. Until you return back to God, your best won't come out because He is your source.
Wisdom is the mother of solutions. You cannot upgrade in wisdom and lack solutions and you cannot have a wisdom and be stranded in any challenge you face.
If want to become a person with vision, get back and reconnect to your source.
Negative prophecies are reversible. The Lord reveals to conquer. You are created to reverse any negative with your prayers and the word of God.
Even with fasting and prayers you still need wisdom. At the root of every great accomplishment is wisdom. In all your getting get wisdom first.
You cannot use another man's leg to run your race. Wives stop waiting for your husbands to do everything. For God's sake make an impact. Nobody is a threat to your development.
I am the most important person to me. I am the most important person in the entire universe to me. I am the centre of my own universe.
Faith is never connected to safe. There is no faith without tension. For a rubber band to function to it's elasticity, it has to experience a tension. Saints of God who has no tension has no function.
People would want to get safe and come to Christ because they see the evidence in your life not because you quote the scriptures to them.
There's supposed to be more value in your life than spending more than sixty hours in a week in a place you don't care about and in an environment they don't care about you.
If satan succeds in blinding your mind, he has succeeded in arresting you because anything that can stop you from believing can stop your future.
No satan can unsettle what God has settled.
Without you discovering your true picture, it will be hard to have a glorious future. It is the discovery of what you have inside and the pursuit of it that can guarantee a glorious future
If knowledge is lacking, your destruction is inevitable. Hosea 4:6
It is impossible to enjoy divine protection without the word of God. You must be a word addict.
The church preach so much about power in the kingdom of God but we don't talk about wisdom. Everybody goes for power forgeting that power without wisdom can be disastrous.
Blind minds are worst than blind eyes. That you have eyes does not mean that you have vision. Visionaries do not look they see whlie people look.
Do you want to acquire God's own wisdom? Relate with the Holy Spirit. Be a seeker of divine guidance by the Holy Spirit. You can't be a man or woman of solution without God.
The world is full of problems and I bet you the problems will continue to exist but what will make you relevant to the world is when you have answers to the questions the world asks. You can only be useful when you have the answers to the questions of the world. The best way you provide solutions and answers to those challenges is through wisdom.
People with vision sees opportunity where there is problem. They see money not problem.
I think it will be better if we can live our life as if Christ is going to return today and plan our live as if it is hundred years off. Keep living, serving and most of all be prepared.
Wherever problem persist, wisdom is lacking. There is no problem anywhere except wisdom problem. Wisdom provides solutions where there is complications.
The devil comes to steal, kill and destroy and his followers do the same. Be watchful and keep that in mind.
When wisdom comes, transformation comes. Wisdom makes the difference between the succeeding man and the failing man.
Even though it may look like the wicked is gaining ground, God is still in control. We need to pray for our nations, pray for others, pray for forgiveness and mercy over people. We need to love no matter who we are talking to, whether they are Atheist, Moslems, Lesbians, Homosexuals or Pagans. We need to love them and share the love of God with them and not judge and see if we can rebuild our broken nations.
Poor means when we lack things in our lives. There are two types of poverty. ...those that need food and shelter and those that need God in their lives. We are called to service to help both group of people as much as we can.
Sure we all need money but what do you really focus on? It is a matter of the heart. If your thoughts are on material and worldly things, no good fruits can come out of it.Seek the kingdom of God first and the other things shall be added unto you not vice versa.
If all you are looking for is a miracle you are wide open to follow the antichrist and the false prophets because they are going to have a big league of signs and wonders ministry.If signs and wonders do not bring glory and honour to Jesus Christ, then you must be watching a false prophet whose anointing does not come from the Holy Spirit of God.
Hope, strive and try to be more like Christ until the day we will see Him. Let Him find you faithfully and in obedient serving Him. He is coming quicker than people think.
The closer we try to get to God, the more we will hate to sin in our own lives, the more we are saddened by the thoughts that runs through our minds. I also think that the more we draw closer to God, the more God will honour us and will open doors for the right things to happen in our life.
I have the mind of Christ. The best life you could ever live is the one that your creator destined you for. The one He made you for. He has given us everything we need ......... to become like Him. To reach to your potentials. Worship Him in spirit and in truth.
When we are preoccupied with wealth and material acquisitions, it chokes God's word in us and makes it unfruitful. But if we follow His plan of being prosperous you will enjoy the blessings of this life.
Our life is not in stuff, focus your attention on Christ where it should be. Prosperity and wealth has damaged the body of Christ. God takes pleasure in the prosperity of his children but don't replace him with material.
We are so much distracted nowadays. There is so much distractions in the world today call it internet, media, football matches etc. but don't let it consume you.
Rebuilding is something that is practically difficult than starting over from nothing.
Just because you have baggage doesn't mean you have to lug it around.
No man's advice can change you unless you speak to yourself. Bible school or seminars can't change you, going to church can't change you except you decide to change.Psalm 139:23 - 24
No! Leadership is not the business of people who need to be motivated!
Henry Luce to his Time magazine writers: "Tell the history of our time through the people who make it.
There is nothing more fascinating than the fusion between power and mystery in our great, little treasure: the human brain.
The Practising Manager’s Growth Mantra-Growth in an enterprise is created through remarkable achievements, not incremental achievements like efficiency or effectiveness.-Remarkable achievements are possible only in complexity.-Only volitional engagement can work in complexity. Luckily, there is no certainty in complexity. Hence, motivational engagement cannot work.-People who make choices based on the purpose can only be volitionally engaged—they are the growth managers, the leaders.
QUIT = Quickly Uphold Important Things
His constant references to the ancient world have the effect of giving ordinary soldiers a sense of their lives.
Perfectionism is a disease. Procrastination is a disease. ACTION is the cure.
Only a writer "with Bennett's craft and brass could manage to praise and insult his readers at the same time.
While JFK had made the sale on a political level, he had not yet completed it on an emotional one.
House Speaker Thomas Reed could destroy an argument or expose a fallacy in fewer words than anyone else. His language was vivid and picturesque. He had a way of phrasing things which was peculiarly apt and peculiarly his own.
James Gordon Bennett said he aimed to be, "serious in my aims but full of frolic in my means.
Public sentiment is everything, said Lincoln. With public sentiment, nothing can fail. Without it, nothing can succeed.
The mid-19th century was noted for a partisan, rather than a consensus press, but this partisanship was able to turn out voters consistently.
The engine that drives all your activities is hope. What you hope in shapes you.
Words are catch-basins of experience, fingerprints and footprints of the past that the literary detective may scrutinize in order to sleuth out the history of human consciousness.
Stories were heirlooms in these parts.
You have a nicety of awareness of the difference between a blade's edge and its tip.
Secretary of the treasury Albert Gallatin is accused of treason by war enthusiasts merely for suggesting budget adjustments to pay for war measures.
He was a generous but subtly demanding boss.
Presidents are also always storytellers, purveyors of useful national mythologies.
Leaders create awareness in their followers about the great potentials they carry and how to release them for the benefit of all. Leaders are motivators,
Leadership is built on inspirations. Inspiration does both the theoretical and the practical job. By inspiration, people are not only informed to know what is right. But they are also convinced to always do what’s right.
Leaders don’t step on toes of dwarfs. They mount shoulders of giants.
When motivation flows, people see work as interesting as music. They enjoy it till they do more than they could have done. Leaders motivate people to do greater things.
Trust unites, fear divides, mercy heals, and love conquers.
Not only in personal relationships, but also in professional life, if like minded people work together, it is a beauty to witness
A person's disposition should serve as a narrative of their lives not the pigmentation of their skin.
As the sun lives on when it sets in the warmth it has given to others, you too will live on in the hearts of those whose lives you have touched.
There comes a time in your life when you can no longer put off choosing. You have to choose one path or the other. You can live safe and be protected by people just like you, or you can stand up and be a leader for what is right. Always, remember this: People never remember the crowd; they remember the one person that had the courage to say and do what no one would do.
You're going to meet people in this world who are fine, quality people. They'll build your character, and you want to hang around with them. Then there are the ones who don't do right. They will tear you down. Be nice to them-never hurt anybody-but don't hang with them.
If You Respect Their Preparation,You never Drop the Baton
Good values are like a magnet, they attract good people.
The most reliable friend you have is your shadow.
Leadership is never an avenue to be self-serving but,a platform to render great service to people.
We will never know peace and stability in the world without balance. And we will never know balance without justice for all. Yet, justice exists only where there is fairness and equality -- when every man and country is treated and viewed equally. No country should be given power over another. In addition, no country should be granted privileges that are denied to others. No one country has the authority to decide which country will be embargoed, denied to protect itself, and will be favored based on the weight of their resources. Eliminate the hypocrisy.
Leadership is self-made. People who have deliberately decided to become problems solver lead better.
Don't let your fear of criticism suffocate your leadership potential. Once you begin to speak your truth, you will discover the people who have been waiting for someone exactly like you. Until you speak up, all you need is the faith that they exist. And I promise you: they do.
Sometimes, people don’t need our homes to live in or our bodies to lean on. All they need are our hands to lift them up.
People who achieve marvelously in critical challenges are commended than people who achieve same things on the silver platter.
Bear it in mind that people who do not take actions are not and cannot be leaders. Leadership is action.
Good people who are always silent for bad people to gain freedom and do their worsts are the most dangerous wastes the world ever has.
Talk to people about what they want to hear, and they'll stay for more. Talk to them about what you want them to hear, and they'll soon turn away.
Never mix negative thinking with negative people. Multiplying negatives, in this instance, won't make a positive.
People deserve their leaders.
People will react to you as a result of their own mindset, rather than as a reflection of your worth. Most people use others as mirrors for their own darkness. If you have been hurt by such people, perhaps you can use these experiences to become a different kind of person—one who reflects the light within others instead of using them as mirrors. Maybe your experiences of pain can lead you to being a great leader, someone who lights up the world. Your most painful struggle is ripe with opportunity.
Most of the time, we see only what we want to see, or what others tell us to see, instead of really investigate to see what is really there. We embrace illusions only because we are presented with the illusion that they are embraced by the majority. When in truth, they only become popular because they are pounded at us by the media with such an intensity and high level of repetition that its mere force disguises lies and truths. And like obedient schoolchildren, we do not question their validity and swallow everything up like medicine. Why? Because since the earliest days of our youth, we have been conditioned to accept that the direction of the herd, and authority anywhere — is always right.
Any leadership that is observant and committed to its people, will always find better ways to solve problems.
It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.
When two brothers are busy fighting, an evil man can easily attack and rob their poor mother. Mankind should always stay united, standing shoulder to shoulder so evil can never cheat and divide them.
Oh! What honour for the female sex! It is perfectly obvious that God has special regard for it when all these wretched people who destroyed the whole Kingdom – now recovered and made safe by a woman, something that 5000 men could not have done – and the traitors [have been] exterminated. Before the event they would scarcely have believed this possible.
When we take your person into account, you who are a young maiden, to whom God gives the strength and power to be the champion who casts the rebels down and feeds France with the sweet, nourishing milk of peace, here indeed is something quite extraordinary! For if God performed such a great number of miracles through Joshua who conquered many a place and cast down many an enemy, he, Joshua, was a strong and powerful man. But, after all, a woman – a simple shepherdess – braver than any man ever was in Rome! As far as God is concerned, this was easily accomplished. But as for us, we never heard tell of such an extraordinary marvel, for the prowess of all the great men of the past cannot be compared to this woman's whose concern it is to cast out our enemies. This is God's doing: it is He who guides her and who has given her a heart greater than that of any man.
Engage the enemy more closely.
If you create an environment of conflicts, I don’t think you will enjoy peace yourself.
Do you want to know what General Putnam is thinking? It’s this. He’s thinking that he can’t win the war if he doesn’t keep the people on his side. He’s thinking that he can’t keep the people on his side if the troops are running amok among the civilian population—raping the women, stealing cattle, burning houses. He is determined to scare the wits out of the troops to keep them in line. And he’s thinking that it doesn’t matter very much who he executes to do it. So many men have died, so many mothers have wept, so many brothers and sisters have cried. He is thinking that in the long run if he executes somebody, he’ll shorten the war and save more lives. It doesn’t matter to him very much who he executes; one man’s agony is like another’s, one mother’s tears are no wetter than anybody else’s. And that’s why he’s going to have Sam shot.
This, the only occasion in the Iliad when furious Achilles smiles serves as a bittersweet reminder of the difference real leadership could have made to the events of the Iliad. Agamemnon's panicked prize-grabbing in Book One and even Nestor's rambling "authority" pale beside Achilles' instinctive and absolute command of himself and the dangers of this occasion.
Any leader who feel the pain and fight for you. Support him or you lose but if that leader doesn't feel the pain and fight for you. Don't support him, fight for yourself, be a leader and fight for others.
What does it matter who is ruler of a realm that no longer exists?
It is far better to win a battle through skilled leadership and wise decisions than violence and bloodshed. It may not seem as glorious to the uninitiated, but in the end it results in fewer wounds--of any kind.
Inequality and poverty, unhealth and no wealth are hand in hand. And if we are all born equal that should be true in all lands. We cannot divide the world between poor and rich countries. It's like saying the ones are good, the others are junkies. That can only increase more prejudice, miseries and sorrow. Turning the wheel today it will lead to a better tomorrow.
We all have the DNA of an entrepreneur.Some are building their own dreams.While most are building other people's dreams. Entrepreneurs are Dream Builders. Are you building yours?
When you do it, you are not another dreamer
Sometimes the only things preventing your dreams from becoming realities is the long time it is taking you to start.
Don’t just have dreams. Take actions too. To make it possible, begin every dream with a simple action and your interest will beam out.
Be passionate about your dreams and never give sleep to your eyes until your good becomes better and your better becomes the best.
You will never be rewarded for the dreams you slept over day in day out. You will be rewarded for dreams you stay awake and achieved.
Until you let go of that bitterness in your heart, it will find a comfortable place to destroy your dreams, your sight and most times, your sleep.
Don’t only think of which job to get and live on. Think about which problem to solve and the jobs will keep suggesting themselves.
Don't leave the dream, lead your dreams!
When your hobby becomes your work, life automatically transforms into a never ending holiday
Keep trying hard because there is always a next time.
Most great accomplishments do not look promising in the beginning. If you give up on a big dream too early, you have probably stepped on gold and mistook it for a rock.
You can’t wake up one day and suddenly become a leader. You first discover that specific thing God created you for, develop it into something specific that the world will need, and then you have already leading started leading.
When the lenses in the eyes of a leader captures tomorrow, they don't print the passport size of it. They make enlargements.
Because of fear, most people don’t dream big. Because of fear, even those who dream big do not start working on them. Because of fear, those who start working on their dreams end up quitting too early.
The competency of people you mobilize to work with will determine the output you will receive. As a leader, always look for people who buy into your vision.
If you give up on a big dream too early, you have probably stepped on gold and mistook it for a rock.
The failure of a person is wrapped in his ignorance about his strengths.
The true cost of following your dreams isn't what you sacrifice when you chase them, it's what you lose when you don't
If you want to rebel, rebel from inside the system.That's much more powerful than rebelling outside the system.
It is not about knowing, but about living.
The greatest mistake we can make is to stay on the ground after falling.
The dirtier your Bible, the cleaner your heart!
Freedom is not doing what we want, but what we should.
The more the level of insecurity is reduced, the more the level of faith will grow.
Freedom keeps us soaring, but quarreling destroys our ability to fly.
The love of Christ always helps us see beyond the faults of others.
More important than starting well in our walk with God is to finish well.
Our expectation in ourselves must be higher than our expectation in others.
In accordance with the prevailing conceptions in the U.S., there is no infringement on democracy if a few corporations control the information system: in fact, that is the essence of democracy. In the Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, the leading figure of the public relations industry, Edward Bernays, explains that “the very essence of the democratic process” is “the freedom to persuade and suggest,” what he calls “the engineering of consent.” “A leader,” he continues, “frequently cannot wait for the people to arrive at even general understanding … Democratic leaders must play their part in … engineering … consent to socially constructive goals and values,” applying “scientific principles and tried practices to the task of getting people to support ideas and programs”; and although it remains unsaid, it is evident enough that those who control resources will be in a position to judge what is “socially constructive,” to engineer consent through the media, and to implement policy through the mechanisms of the state. If the freedom to persuade happens to be concentrated in a few hands, we must recognize that such is the nature of a free society.
If your sad about your work then remember there are people who clean actual shit for a living
Do we create an impact to make money or de we make money to create an IMPACT ?
Endangering human life for profit should be a universal crime.
When picking a leader, choose a peacemaker. One who unites, not divides. A cultured leader who supports the arts and true freedom of speech, not censorship.
He who wishes to be obeyed must know how to command
Consensus: “The process of abandoning all beliefs, principles, values, and policies in search of something in which no one believes, but to which no one objects; the process of avoiding the very issues that have to be solved, merely because you cannot get agreement on the way ahead. What great cause would have been fought and won under the banner: ‘I stand for consensus?
Some leaders are born women.
the most improper job of any man, even saints (who at any rate were at least unwilling to take it on), is bossing other men. Not one in a million is fit for it, and least of all those who seek the opportunity.
Men who find themselves late are never sure. They are all the things the civics books tell us the good citizen should be: partisans but never zealots, respectors of the facts which attend each situation but never benders of those facts, uncomfortable in positions of leadership but rarely unable to turn down a responsibility once it has been offered . . . or thrust upon them. They make the best leaders in a democracy because they are unlikely to fall in love with power.
He had learned that close-held secrets could often be cracked by going all the way to the top and there making himself unbearably unpleasant. He knew that such twisting of the tiger's tail was dangerous, for he understood the psychopathology of great power.
They accepted my donation, so they're aware they'd better serve my interests or I'll buy some leadership that will.
...Regardless, I still do not believe that your duty is to do as the people wish. Your duty is to lead as best you can, following the dictates of your conscience. You must be true. Your Majesty, to the man you wish to become....
Pick a leader who is strong and confident, yet humble. Intelligent, but not sly. A leader who encourages diversity, not racism. One who understands the needs of the farmer, the teacher, the welder, the doctor, and the environmentalist -- not only the banker, the oil tycoon, the weapons developer, or the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist.
In these times, a great leader must be extremely brave. Their leadership must be steered only by their conscience, not a bribe.
Leaders say "no" to corruption. Anyone playing a role in governance, and is not ready to do this is not a leader.
Having a hearing is educational. Having a hearing with television cameras is useful. Having a hearing with two rows of television cameras is Heaven.
In the days when hyenas of hate suckle the babes of men, and jackals of hypocrisy pimp their mothers’ broken hearts, may children not look to demons of ignorance for hope.
Politics is a matter of leading other people. Admittedly not where they want to go, but where they ought to go.
In politics, it often pays to be ahead of the curve. That holds true for corporate governance too, even more so when politics enter the equation.
The parents of politics are lack of control and seeking to control. The parents of leadership are influence and trust.
Politics is not leadership. It never has been. It never will be.
At the end of the day, I do not care how many Democrats or Republicans are in office. What I do care about is whether our leader is truly serving THE PEOPLE or only his/her own pockets. Is our leader in tune with the concerns and needs of the man on the street - or only issues concerning private interests? Is this leader uniting or dividing the country? Milking or contributing to it? Building and preserving it -- or bringing it all down?
It takes courage with true humility and steadfastness to win confidence and admiration
No country can police corruption in other countries when it itself is not free from corruption. You cannot clean a dirty wall with dirty hands.
People need to remember that a man who is deceptive deceives by hiding that he is deceptive. He is not going to openly validate that he is deceiving you because his aim is to deceive you.
If we are not registering bad events in history to learn from them, then why are we even still publishing them at all? Is it really an outlandish ideal to want a peaceful and prosperous nation, one ruled only by compassion, truth and justice? As of now, there is no peace, no truth, no prosperity, no compassion - and NO COMMON SENSE. Since when did the words human and inhumane share the same meaning?
In a world devoid of towering political leaders, we seem to have become experts at growing idiots & elevating them to important positions.
Once you were in the hands of a Grand Vizier, you were dead. Grand Viziers were always scheming megalomaniacs. It was probably in the job description: "Are you a devious, plotting, unreliable madman? Ah, good, then you can be my most trusted minister.
Cruel people are not only people who kill innocent people with guns. Individuals who steal from government coffers to enrich themselves at the expense of the poor are grossly cruel.
Mothers and fathers are born everywhere. What the world needs are leaders.
A nation with a thousand awakened citizens and a corrupt leader, is much more alive than a nation with an awakened leader and a thousand corrupt citizens.
His supporters will push him to disaster unless his opponents show where the dangers are.
Leadership by deception isn't leadership. It's fraud.
But Frances was beginning to feel that somewhere along the line, property, business, and all that contributes to the creation of wealth, must give back to government enough to guarantee adequate safeguarding of human welfare. The question would be, how to protect human beings against homelessness, starvation, and dependent old age without breaking down human initiative. She was seeing this as one fundamental problem of the government of the future; seeing too that somewhere leaders must arise who will be able to cope with this problem—honest leaders who will see the problem in its many-sidedness, and at last be able to solve it constructively.
Politics means implementation of the best ideas for the society in the path of wellbeing and progress.
Politics means implementation of the best ideas for the society in the path of wellbeing and progress. This is the approach that gave the world, leaders of glorious characters such as Abraham Lincoln, Martin Luther King Jr., Subhas Chandra Bose (the actual man behind India’s Independence), Vasil Levski (the man who liberated Bulgaria from the Ottoman oppression), Nelson Mandela and many more. These people were technically politicians too, but unlike the majority of the politicians ofmodern society, their approach to politics was what it should be in a real system of politics.
One of the most important qualities of a president is the ability to inspire, to bring people together for the common good.
Integrity must become a personal goal of a growing majority in America if we want to be a major world influence.
Ethics and oversight are what you eliminate when you want absolute power.
Accepting fraud from our leaders means accepting fraud in our personal lives.
If this were a courageous country,it would ask Gloria to lead itsince she is sane and funny and beautiful and smartand the National Leaders we've always hadare not.When I listen to her talk about women's rightschildren's rightsmen's rightsI think of the long line of Americans who should have been president, but weren't.Imagine Crazy Horse as president. Sojourner Truth.John Brown. Harriet Tubman. Black Elk or Geronimo.Imagine President Martin Luther King confrontingthe youthful "Oppie" Oppenheimer. Imagine PresidentMalcolm X going after the Klan. Imagine President StevieWonder dealing with the "Truly Needy."Imagine President Shirley Chisholm, Ron Dellums, orSweet Honey in the Rockdealing with Anything.It is imagining to make us weep with frustration,as we languish under real estate dealers, killers, and bad actors.
Leaders who do not help the people must be replaced by the people.
The great political problem in our modern democracy is how to induce our leaders to lead.
Great leaders lead by example, not by making an example of others.
When the truth reaches the mass, it becomes impossible to govern by deception.
Power is given to those who reach to take it & claimed by those who will stop at nothing to fulfill what they believe is their birthright.
A full loyalty to the leader merely fits to the dogs, not to the humans!
... The form of leadership must be the focus of constant reappraisal. Weber states, for example: 'Each new fact may necessitate the re-adjustment of the relations between end and indispensable means, between desired goals and unavoidable subsidiary consequences.' This process of re-adjustment is ultimately without resolution, for the political and ethical value-spheres are not only in constant opposition but also in permanent flux. It is the task of the politician to negotiate this value conflict and to be decisive as to the value to be pursued and the means to be employed.
... The political leader must constantly appraise and reappraise the means through which 'he can hope to do justice to the responsibility that power imposes upon him' while at the same time pursuing political values with conviction.
Democracy could be worthless and counterproductive in the absence of sound moral leadership!
To know the good from the bad, study a man or woman's history of actions, not their record of intentions.
The sacrifice ‘of’ self for the greater good is the greatest calling imaginable, and it is the bedrock of the greatest nations. The sacrifice ‘for’ self is the most pathetic calling imaginable, and it is the quicksand within which nations perish.
Discerning the difference between a dictator and a leader is quite easy. The former cannot help but see ‘leading’ and ‘serving’ as stark contradictions that by their very nature are utterly incompatible. The latter can’t tell the difference
The masses who complain about bad leadership must first check their unbiased choices.
You follow voice of masses, Possibly you suppress your inner voice.
Those who are not true leaders or elders will just affirm people at their own immature level, and of course immature people will love them and elect them for being equally immature. You can fill in the names here with your own political disaster story. But just remember, there is a symbiosis between immature groups and immature leaders, I am afraid, which is why both Plato and Jefferson said democracy was not really the best form of government. It is the safest. A truly wise monarch would probably be the most effective at getting things done.
To impart a moral responsibility to exercise fairness in leadership builds greater leaders of strong character.
In my view, leadership is the courage to take risks in defense of a position that is both legal and moral. The politician who tries to become a wise guy by becoming friends to everybody - corrupt or not - is not a leader.
A strong person has faithand builds for the future
A bee does not need to follow you to give you honey: you follow it. Become a person of value and you too won’t have to beg anyone to follow you.
Think outside of the box. Work outside of the box. Dream outside of the box. Succeed outside of the box.
Two minds are smarter than one.Two hands are stronger than one.Two hearts are mightier than one.Two souls are greater than one.
A shrub that bears fruit deserves to be watered more than a tree that does not.
A wolf raised in a jungle is fiercer than a lion reared in a circus.
In a crowd do not lose your individuality, and in your individuality do not lose the crowd.
It's beneficial to have a reputation for honesty, if only so that one can lie at crucial moments.
It's beneficial to have a reputation for honesty, if only so that one could lie at crucial moments.
Thunder roars but does not strike. Lightning strikes but does not roar. Choose to be lightning.
If you have power, be just; wealth, be generous; knowledge, be wise; titles, be humble; and life, be grateful.
A lion does not earn its crown quarreling with sheep.
You don’t command wind in the direction it blows, but you command a ship in the direction it sails.
Live a life of purpose. Be a voice to be reckoned with. Do not be lost in the midst of the crowd. Contribute your own quota to the transformation going on where God planted you.
A lion conquers more in one day than a sheep in a lifetime.
The greater the fruit a tree bears, the greater the number of stones thrown at it.
Tigers cannot afford to care about what sheep think.
When all seems to be against you, remember, a ship sometimes has to sail against the current, not with it.
In a world full of daisies dare to be a rose.
Women are not just waiting to be filled up with resources-they're waiting to put their resources on the table to be able to lead towards a different world
Could we imagine that beauty itself doesn’t just exist in society’s version of aesthetic perfection? Beauty also emerges from places and things that tell us stories.
I’m glad that this team has a woman for a leader,” Onoria finally said. Regina didn’t quite know how to reply. “I’m fed up with men in charge not knowing what they’re talking about.” Onoria turned towards Regina. “Aren’t you?”“I don’t like people in charge that don’t know what they’re doing, male or female,” Regina said.
Creative thinking begins by embracing your naiveté and rejecting the obvious in favor of the unusual, the extraordinary, the evocative and or the new.
I can understand backward patriarchal reasoning coming from a male, but from a woman - and of all people, a leader of women? It says something profound about leadership - and, if anything - what it says about followers is not very flattering at all.
Self-care is not selfish. You cannot serve from an empty vessel.
When girls see women in leadership roles speaking out for what they believe in, they see it is possible for them, too. Instead of a faraway dream, their aspirations become real, concrete and achievable. Womanhood starts to look more inviting.
It doesn't matter to me that my leaving will cost you money. It doesn't matter that my space will take time to fill. What matters is that I'm happy and if you're not willing to invest in me, then I'm willing to cost you money.
You must be willing to give up what you are, to become what you want to be.
Leadership, on the other hand, is about creating change you believe in.
Sudden shifts and changes are no bad preparation for political life.
People who always want to be at convenient places won’t make a change at controversial places.
Five people with passion can do better than fifty people with mere desire or interest.
It is as simple as that. Birds fly because they have wings and so when you can’t grow the wings, you can’t be called a bird. Leaders make impacts because they create new ideas and so if you can’t think of any new innovative ideas, you can’t be a leader.
Until you fall in love with positive change, becoming passionate about improving the status quo, you won’t become a leader.
A great number isn’t bad though, but doesn’t take numbers to change the world.
What it takes is the passion to lead and the commitment to that passion through a lifetime. A great number isn’t bad though, but doesn’t take numbers to change the world.
Be the initiator of things you wish to see, but can’t see. Be the originator of things you wish you feel but can’t feel.
The leader’s joy is the success of change, the evidence of progress and the actualization of a better life.
Millennials, instead of a danger, are really a reflection of the society in which they grew up in, and in which all of us now live.
Great leadership involves three things. The ability to realize when you are wrong, a willingness to learn from it, and an eagerness to change course if necessary.
The biggest roadblock to changing the world is believing that your voice doesn't matter.
Leaders are not the ones with the right position or a proclaimed or given title, the actual leaders are the people who start acting, who step up, who do change, no matter in what way or how small!
The action generated the possibility of a future different from the past. Bitter division was healed by way of bold, confident leadership.
When you choose to act on your problems, you cease to be a victim of circumstance and become a force of change; that's when you transition to not only being a survivor, but to being a leader or hero too, and an inspiration to those still in the victim's mindset.
I’d always heard people say and I’m sure you heard it too, “Change takes time.” But, my parents taught me the more important lesson, very silently but with even greater clarity, “Change takes time. But, it also takes people.” People who are willing to put in their everything. Change doesn’t happen by itself.
Coachable leaders are ready and willing to make the needed changes and adjustments in their lives.
You can't stop Greatness; you can only try to delay it. And when you try to delay it, it just gets Greater because it gains new strength.
Love and Hate are two of the most used, abused, and misused words of mankind.
If you change your words to positive reinforcement, the negative reactions will lose their power
I think I should be allowed to be only fair, or even mediocre, for a while.
Hell yeah! Twitter was proof that leaderless self-organizing systems could be true agents of change.
It was due to his tact, to his judgment, to his sympathetic manipulation of human beings that the atmosphere had always been such a happy one... If there was a change, therefore, the change must be due to the man at the top.
Politics is motion." John Sears
If you want to do something that really changes someone’s life, the best thing you can do is make the person you’re trying to help a participant in the process.
As a leader, you will see things you may never like to see; yours is to correct those things so that next time you open your eyes, you will see better things you wish to be seeing always. Leaders learn to right the wrong of society.
Leaders don’t give excessive vocal orders. They humbly involve people and together cooperate with them to make a change happen.
The author says one of the sources of resilience is the ability to measure and perceive early warning signs so as to adapt.
You can’t lead people if you aren’t going to focus on what’s relevant to you and them. Don’t worry about who is and who is not watching you. Consider what you have to watch.
There is strength in kindness.
Peter must have thought, "Who am I compared to Mr. Faithfulness (John)?" But Jesus clarified the issue. John was responsible for John. Peter was responsible for Peter. And each had only one command to heed: "Follow Me." (John 21:20-22)
Let your passion become a passionate pursuit of Me. And as you follow, the sheep will follow.' (John 21:20-22)
Don't just cry over your 10 or 20 member church. Sometimes, God gives you your future first. The ones you call little carry in them every possibility you desire of the future. God would send you leaders but they may come as weak men and women first. Don't be so 'gift' conscious that you fail to realize that certain things are results of growth.
Where cross-cultural engagement is concerned, token adjustments are no longer an option. To advance a credible message of God’s love for all people in an increasingly diverse society, we must move ourselves entirely as well as the churches we lead. We must adjust to a new reality.
Achieving great things through training, tenacity & time doesn't make someone vain. It lessens vanity! Therefore, I have one question: is @realDonaldTrump vain?
If you are truly able to walk in the shoes of Christ, the very label of religion called Christianity would disappear from the face of earth.
The Church has carried out some of the most inhuman and above all un-Christian acts of human history, yet, it is still gloriously hailed by the majority of human population as to be synonymous with Jesus Christ.
The most formidable way to lead is to serve. And while the perplexing oxymoron of such a grinding statement absolutely cripples us, it birthed a Savior.
The greatest men stand on their values and pray on their knees.
The drum to which we march reveals the conductor to whom we’re listening.
WHEN SIN HINDERS YOUR WORSHIP.God will never delay His promise.You have delayed Him."..However, when the Son of Man comes, will He find faith on the earth?" Luke 18:8b
God will never delay His promise.You have delayed Him.
Live life to the fullest or foolest.
We do not have to believe something is right- to believe a person has a right to choose it. God doesn't force us to serve him. It is a freewill choice we make, so why in the name of all that is holy and right do we think we can force other people to live by our particular brand of religion? We are commanded to Love if we are Christ servers.
When listeners become leaders, the world changes.
We are weak Christians simply because we have refused to be bondservants of Christ
Caedite eos. Novit enim Dominus qui sunt eius. ("Kill them all. For the Lord knoweth them that are His." Supposedly said when asked by a Crusader how to distinguish the Cathars from the Catholics.)
It is not enough to believe. Believe must lead to change of attitude and conduct.
It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be.
Don't follow the crowd, let the crowd follow you.
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things.
Leadership is not about titles, positions or flowcharts. It is about one life influencing another.
You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right. If you're not passionate enough from the start, you'll never stick it out.
If your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then, you are an excellent leader.
Don’t waste your energy trying to educate or change opinions; go over, under, through, and opinions will change organically when you’re the boss. Or they won’t. Who cares? Do your thing, and don’t care if they like it.
Power isn’t control at all — power is strength, and giving that strength to others. A leader isn’t someone who forces others to make him stronger; a leader is someone willing to give his strength to others that they may have the strength to stand on their own.
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men -- the other 999 follow women.
I have three precious things which I hold fast and prize. The first is gentleness; the second is frugality; the third is humility, which keeps me from putting myself before others. Be gentle and you can be bold; be frugal and you can be liberal; avoid putting yourself before others and you can become a leader among men.
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
You are good. But it is not enough just to be good. You must be good for something. You must contribute good to the world. The world must be a better place for your presence. And the good that is in you must be spread to others....
A man can only lead when others accept him as their leader, and he has only as much authority as his subjects give to him. All of the brilliant ideas in the world cannot save your kingdom if no one will listen to them.
Victory has a hundred fathers and defeat is an o
He who cannot be a good follower cannot be a good leader.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each
...A man can only stumble for so long before he either falls or stands up straight.
Lead me, follow me, or get the hell out of my way.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
The mark of a great man is one who knows when to set aside the important things in order to accomplish the vital ones.
If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right. But do not care to convince him. Men will believe what they see. Let them see.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
A bit of adviceGiven to a young Native AmericanAt the time of his initiation:As you go the way of life,You will see a great chasm. Jump.It is not as wide as you think.
If you're not confused, you're not paying attention.
Be with a leader when he is right, stay with him when he is still right, but, leave him when he is wrong.
The day the soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help them or concluded that you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.
You do not lead by hitting people over the head -- that's assault, not leadership.
The key to successful leadership is influence, not authority.
Efficiency is doing the thing right. Effectiveness is doing the right thing.
A leader. . .is like a shepherd. He stays behind the flock, letting the most nimble go out ahead, whereupon the others follow, not realizing that all along they are being directed from behind.
Do you know that one of the great problems of our age is that we are governed by people who care more about feelings than they do about thoughts and ideas.
Not all readers are leaders, but all leaders are readers.
Being responsible sometimes means pissing people off.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
Some are young people who don't know who they are, what they can be or even want to be. They are afraid, but they don't know of what. They are angry, but they don't know at whom. They are rejected and they don't know why. All they want is to be somebody.
A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don't necessarily want to go, but ought to be.
In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be, by remaining what we are.
I would like to be known as a person who is concerned about freedom and equality and justice and prosperity for all people.
If soldiers are punished before they have grown attached to you, they will not prove submissive;and, unless submissive, then will be practically useless. If, when the soldiers have become attachedto you, punishments are not enforced, they will still be unless.
The secret of leadership is simple: Do what you believe in. Paint a picture of the future. Go there.People will follow.
And therefore I am come amongst you at this time, not as for my recreation or sport, but being resolved, in the midst and heat of the battle, to live or die amongst you all; to lay down, for my God, and for my kingdom, and for my people, my honour and my blood, even the dust. I know I have but the body of a weak and feeble woman; but I have the heart of a king, and of a king of England, too.
You did what your heart told you to do,' Brain complimented. 'It is what leaders, not followers, do.
And if the blind lead the blind, both shall fall into the ditch.
...There are also those who inadvertently grant power to another man's words by continuously trying to spite him. If a man gets to the point where he can simply say, 'The sky is blue,' and people indignantly rush up trying to refute him saying, 'No, the sky is light blue,' then, whether they realize it or not, he has become an authority figure even to such adversaries.
A general never shows despair. He instills confidence in his troops. He leads them forward, even into the mouth of death.
You don't know what you can get away with until you try.
There is a darkness in you. In all of us, probably. Beasts we keep chained. Ordinary men have to keep the chains strong, for if we let the beast loose then society will turn upon us with fiery vengeance. Kings though...well, who is there to turn upon them? So the chains are made of straw. It is the curse of kings, Helikaon, that they can become monsters. And they invariably do.
If you can't swallow your pride, you can't lead. Even the highest mountain had animals that step on it.
Leaders always choose the harder right rather than the easier wrong.
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say "I." And that's not because they have trained themselves not to say "I." They don't think "I." They think "we"; they think "team." They understand their job to be to make the team function. They accept responsibility and don't sidestep it, but "we" gets the credit. This is what creates trust, what enables you to get the task done.
Give as few orders as possible," his father had told him once long ago. "Once you've given orders on a subject, you must always give orders on that subject.
The best form of saying is being
Always remember, Son, the best boss is the one who bosses the least. Whether it's cattle, or horses, or men; the least government is the best government.
Real leadership is being the person others will gladly and confidently follow.
He that thinketh he leadeth and hath no one following him is only taking a walk.
In a battle between  two ideas, the best one doesn't necessarily win. No, the idea that wins is the one with the most fearless heretic behind it.
Any man who retreats into a cave which has only one opening deserves to die.
The first key to leadership is self-control.
A sign of power in a man is not only when people follow what he suggests, but also when people make a conscious effort to do the exact opposite of what he suggests.
I'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this Oval Office."(Washington DC, 12 May, 2008)
Why did Africa let Europe cart away millions of Africa's souls from the continent to the four corners of the wind? How could Europe lord it over a continent ten times its size? Why does needy Africa continue to let its wealth meet the needs of those outside its borders and then follow behind with hands outstretched for a loan of the very wealth it let go? How did we arrive at this, that the best leader is the one that knows how to beg for a share of what he has already given away at the price of a broken tool? Where is the future of Africa?
The art of leadership is saying no, not yes. It is very easy to say yes.
A star wants to see himself rise to the top.A leader wants to see those around him rise to the top.
(On being in a position of leadership) Even if it's your dog, you've got authority over somebody. Start treating him better.
Always try to associate yourself with and learn as much as you can from those who know more than you do, who do better than you, who see more clearly than you.
Together we are better
Remember teamwork begins by building trust. And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability.
The world is full of men who want to be right, when actually the secret of a man's strength and his pathway to true honor is his ability to admit fault when he has failed. God wants to fill the church with men who can say they are wrong when THEY ARE WRONG. A man who is willing to humble himself before God and his family and say:"I was wrong." will find that his family has all the confidence in the world in him and will much more readily follow him. If he stubbornly refuses to repent or admit he was wrong, their confidence in him and in his leadership erodes.
True leaders understand that leadership is not about them but about those they serve. It is not about exalting themselves but about lifting others up.
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been.
Each day you are leading by example. Whether you realize it or not or whether it's positive or negative, you are influencing those around you.
At that moment, in the sunset on Watership Down, there was offered to General Woundwort the opportunity to show whether he was really the leader of vision and genius which he believed himself to be, or whether he was no more than a tyrant with the courage and cunning of a pirate. For one beat of his pulse the lame rabbit's idea shone clearly before him. He grasped it and realized what it meant. The next, he had pushed it away from him.
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader?
To all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
A leader must lead. Where others see obstacles, he must see opportunities. When others see problems, he must see possibilities ... Civilization is not built on a negation but on an affirmation- an affirmation of the bright and promising possibilities that the future holds for those who are enterprising enough to pursue them.
Show me the man you honor and I will know what kind of man you are.
The key to every man is his thought. Sturdy and defying though he look, he has a helm which he obeys, which is the idea after which all his facts are classified. He can only be reformed by showing him a new idea which commands his own.
Leaders in all realms and activities of life knew that the power they had come to hold existed because they were responsible to serve the many, thus power was position of service.
Go to the people. Live with them. Learn from them. Love them. Startwith what they know. Build with what they have. But with the bestleaders, when the work is done, the task accomplished, the people willsay 'We have done this ourselves.
Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.
Great teams do not hold back with one another. They are unafraid to air their dirty laundry. They admit their mistakes, their weaknesses, and their concerns without fear of reprisal.
Unless today is well lived, tomorrow is not important.
People in any organization are always attached to the obsolete - the things that should have worked but did not, the things that once were productive and no longer are.
Man wants to be the king o’ the rabbits, he best wear a pair o’ floppy ears.
In the end,” Callum said, his voice soft, gentle, “it all comes back to you. You protect them [your pack], you love them, you live for them, and someday, you die. That’s what it means, Bryn-girl, to be what we are [to be Alpha]. It’s lonely. It’s impossible. It’s all-consuming.” It is what it is.
A vision we give to others of who and what they could become has power when it echoes what the spirit has already spoken into their souls.
There's got to be more to life than just living," Foyle said to the robot."Then find it for yourself, sir. Don't ask the world to stop moving because you have doubts.""Why can't we all move forward together?""Because you're all different. You're not lemmings. Some must lead, and hope that the rest will follow.""Who leads?""The men who must...driven men, compelled men.""Freak men.""You're all freaks, sir. But you always have been freaks. Life is a freak. That's its hope and glory.""Thank you very much.""My pleasure, sir.""You've saved the day.""Always a lovely day somewhere, sir," the robot beamed. Then it fizzed, jangled, and collapsed.
The bottom line in managing your emotions is that you should put others – not yourself – first in how you handle and process them. Whether you delay or display your emotions should not be for your own gratification. You should ask yourself, What does the team need? Not, What will make me feel better?
If you spend your life trying to be good at everything, you will never be great at anything.
Stop counting your "years" and start enjoying your "seasons".
It’s not just picking the right friends. It is being the right friend.
Belief has the power to change your inner state and your outer world.
The ruler attains wholeness in the correct governance of the people.
If you perceive right you receive right. If you perceive wrong you receive wrong.
Although individuals need not be well-rounded, teams should be.
The world is full of stupid people. That's why we have rules. But with enough intelligence, a person can be above the rules. She can make rules.
Neoteny is more than retaining a youthful appearance, although that is often part of it. Neoteny is the retention of all those wonderful qualities that we associate with youth: curiosity, playfulness, eagerness, fearlessness, warmth, energy. Unlike those defeated by time and age, our geezers have remained much like our geeks – open, willing to take risks, hungry for knowledge and experience, courageous, eager to see what the new day brings. Time and lost steal the zest from the unlucky, and leave them looking longingly at the past. Neoteny is a metaphor for the quality – and the gift – that keeps the fortunate of whatever age focused on all marvelous undiscovered things to come.
To win the big stakes in this changed world, you must catch the spirit of the great pioneers of the past, whose dreams have given to civilization all that it has of value, the spirit that serves as the life-blood of our own country – your opportunity and mine, to develop and market our talents.
Your first and foremost job as a leader is to take charge of your own energy and then help to orchestrate the energy of those around you.
Remember that mentor leadership is all about serving. Jesus said, “For even the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve others and to give his life as a ransom for many” (Mark 10:45).
I conceive a knowledge of books is the basis upon which other knowledge is to be built.
I am more afraid of an army of 100 sheep led by a lion than an army of 100 lions led by a sheep
I would not be a Moses to lead you into the Promised Land, because if I could lead you into it, someone else could lead you out of it.
Sheep are always looking for a new shepherd when the terrain gets rocky.
Your life is a trajectory. Every choice you make alters that trajectory, in a positive or negative way. Will you categorize that dinner with friends as a business expense? Will you be honest with your daughter? Will you take more credit than you’re due? These are just the small questions that we face every day, and little by little, the answers influence the trajectory of our lives and beings.
No great manager or leader ever fell from heaven, its learned not inherited.
Tend to the people, and they will tend to the business.
Real men don't dance to other people's tune, instead, they play for others to dance.
I define my life not by the things I have done, but by the people I have loved.
It is the capacity to develop and improve their skills that distinguishes leaders from followers.
One person with commitment accomplishes more than a thousand with an opinion.
the quality of your mind depends on the quality of your thought
Most people don't care who's in charge as long as someone is.
Tis skill, not strength, that governs a ship
As more and more artificial intelligence is entering into the world, more and more emotional intelligence must enter into leadership.
Leadership grows like tall trees. It needs both toughness and flexibility - toughness for accountability - flexibility to adapt changes with a compassionate & caring heart for self and others.
You can’t move up in the staircase of leadership unless you are emotionally intelligent.
Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision.
Real leaders are people who “help us overcome the limitations of our own individual laziness and selfishness and weakness and fear and get us to do better, harder things than we can get ourselves to do on our own.
When you accept a leadership role, you take on extra responsibility for your actions toward others.
When you put together deep knowledge about a subject that intensely matters to you, charisma happens. You gain courage to share your passion, and when you do that, folks follow.
When eagles are silent, parrots begin to chatter.
It is absolutely necessary... for me to have persons that can think for me, as well as execute orders.
Delegating work works, provided the one delegating works, too.
Be a FRIEND and stop worrying about having any
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision. You can't blow an uncertain trumpet.
Impossible situations TEST you and PROVE Him
Great leaders get people to admit the truth because they know that dreams are buried under the lies they tell themselves, in order to feel okay with giving up.
...You have any suggestions, make them. I'm in charge but humble. No need to salute when you see me." Fraser said, "Mind if we snicker every once in a while behind your back?" "Hell, no," I said. "Everyone else does.
Alas! in the clothes of the greatest potentate, what is there but a man?
He said, one time, that no true leader burdened his followers with a greater load than they could carry, and no true leader sets too fast a pace for his follows to keep up.
Good leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.
You are either supporting the vision or supporting division
Compassionate leaders honor the complexity of human relationships, nurture authenticity and create common grounds for blooming great ideas of individuals.
In essence, leadership is the sense of calling to a higher purpose.
Compassionate leaders know their stakeholders and address their concerns, their hopes, dreams and fears.
You are not alone in the struggles of life. Entire cosmos is with you. It evolves through the way you face and overcome challenges of life. Use everything in your advantage.
Too many companies believe people are interchangeable. Truly gifted people never are. They have unique talents. Such people cannot be forced into roles they are not suited for, nor should they be. Effective leaders allow great people to do the work they were born to do.
All organizations are perfectly designed to get the results they are now getting. If we want different results, we must change the way we do things.
The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership.
We should always aim to read something different=not only the writers with whom we agree, but those with whom we are ready to do battle. Their point of view challenges us to examine the truth and to test their views...and let us not comment on nor criticize writers of whom we have heard only second-hand, or third-hand without troubling to read their works for ourselves...Don't be afraid of new ideas.
The person who sees the difficulties so clearly that he does not discern the possibilities cannot inspire a vision in others.
Accountants are in the past, managers are in the present, and leaders are in the future.
Some great men owe most of their greatness to the ability of detecting in those they destine for their tools the exact quality of strength that matters for their work.
The slaves in Rome were incapable of leisure and so their masters gave them entertainment to keep them pacified.
Leadership isn't about power for the sake of power - not true leadership. Instead it deals with modeling behavior you want others to have, and with responsibility for being certain the people you lead are treated equitably, and with respect. Not an easy task. You can't make other people feel anything, or think anything; you can only try to teach them what you want them to feel and think and why you think they should act accordingly.
And a leader has to command confidence, and consent.
I'm accustomed to being top man. I been a bull goose catskinner for every gyppo logging operation in the Northwest and bull goose gambler all the way from Korea, was even bull goose pea weeder on that pea farm at Pendleton -- so I figure if I'm bound to be a loony, then I'm bound to be a stompdown dadgum good one.
Your outlook affects your outcome
(Patrick Henry) He understood that the home was the foundation of a stable society and that the authority a man "exercised within the larger society was rooted in the authority exercised at home." Thus ... the training ground for all sound leadership is the family.
My life has far exceeded my expectations not because of my own personal efforts or mindset but because of my friends who have enriched my existence
A leader takes people where they would never go on their own.
Leading people is like cookingDon’t stir too much It annoys the ingredients And spoils the food
Leadership is a two-way street, loyalty up and loyalty
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.
Stories are the single most powerful weapon in a leader’s arsenal
Blessed are the people whose leaders can look destiny in the eye without flinching but also without attempting to play God
So if you see no one like you, no one who agrees, don't worry. There are actually hundreds of people like you, and they're waiting for a leader. That person is you.
Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look upon them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there.
God uses imperfect people for impossible tasks
I have the charisma of the chipmunk. I never have thought I was smart. I thought the people I dealt with were dumb.
Leaders draw out ones individual greatness
Too many in the Church today are likes babies in the nursery,they put everything in their mouth.
[Nicodemus] 'Magistra DeVega, can I ask for your help?'[DeVega] 'You can ask,' she said with her usual calmness, 'but the clerics haven't developed a cure for death by idiotic leadership.
A good businessman must have nose for business the same way a journalist has nose for news. In places where people see a lot of obstacles, I see a lot of opportunities. A good businessman sees where others don’t see.
live as temporal, serve as eternal
A system is corrupt when it is strictly profit-driven, not driven to serve the best interests of its people, but those of multinational corporations.
Managers maintain an efficient status quo while leaders attack the status quo to create something new.
Leadership is not just some empty formulas but establishing deep connection at soul levels through service, integrity, passion, perseverance and equanimity.
You are blessed, You are great. You are not alone. You are powerful.
Great leader knows that under the turmoil of chaos and change, there is a beauty of patterns and designs.
If you are not extreme, then people will take shortcuts because they don't fear you.
If the leader is filled with high ambition and if he pursues his aims with audacity and strength of will, he will reach them in spite of all obstacles.
True greatness, true leadership, is achieved not by reducing men to one's service but in giving oneself in selfless service to them.
Who succeeds in forming and leading a Great Group? He or she is almost always a pragmatic dreamer. They are people who get things done, but they are people with immortal longings. Often, they are scientifically minded people with poetry in their souls.
Without the vision of a goal, a man cannot manage his own life, much less the lives of others.
People want guidance, not rhetoric. They need to know what the plan of action is, and how it will be implemented. They want to be given responsibility to help solve the problem and authority to act on it.
The essential difference with Builders is that they've found something to do that matters to them and are therefore so passionately engaged, they rise above the personality baggage that would otherwise hold them down. Whatever they are doing has so much meaning to them that the cause itself provides charisma and they plug into it as if it was electrical current.
Diplomacy is the delicate weapon of the civilized warrior."- Hun, A. T.
Great Groups need to know that the person at the top will fight like a tiger for them.
The president had shifted to the 'we' mode now, something he invariably did when a potentially unpopular decision was at hand. For the easy ones, it was always 'I.' When he needed a crutch, and especially when he would need someone to blame, he opened up the decisionmaking process and included Critz.
If you seek honor and respect you will not find it, for a leader is powerless to elevate himself. It is only when you serve others without regard for self, will honor, respect and lasting success be found.
It is the tendency of deep feeling to subdue the manner rather than to render it too energetic.
Make a difference, change the game for the better, leave a legacy, be a guide that someone else can follow and make better, and then someone else will follow that and make that better.
Great leaders have three things; inner light, inner vision and inner strength.
[T]hese leaders must not believe they are actually being watched, for their behavior in no way reflects the possible existence of a set of values or ethical laws that supersedes their own dominion.
Government was rarely more than a choice between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
The first key to leadership was self-control, particularly the mastery of pride, which was something more difficult, he explained, to subdue than a wild lion and anger, which was more difficult to defeat than the greatest wrestler. He warned them that "if you can't swallow your pride, you can't lead.
The power to lead is the power to mislead, and the power to mislead is the power to destroy.
Leadership is the art of giving people a platform for spreading ideas that work.
Leaders..should influence others..in such a way that it builds people up, encourages and edifies them so they can duplicate this attitude in others.
It's not about you. It's about them.
‎"You will never reach your dreams without honoring others along the way.
If there were only success in your life, you would not learn anything. Leadership is experience and you are still young. You still have much to learn about our people and war; it should not come easy to you. If it did, you would be robbed of life's most valuable teacher.
In the world at large we seldom vote for a principle or a given state of affairs. We vote for a man who pretends to believe in that principle or promises to achieve that state. We don't want a man, we want a condition of peace and plenty-- or, it may be, war and want-- but we must vote for a man.
Many have exchanged the touch of God for the applause of men
The present representative of the Dedlocks is an excellent master. He supposes all his dependents to be utterly bereft of individual characters, intentions, or opinions, and is persuaded that he was born to supersede the necessity of their having any. If he were to make a discovery to the contrary, he would be simply stunned — would never recover himself, most likely, except to gasp and die.
Lobbing hand grenades on the bride of Christ takes zero talent or effort. I also think this really ticks God off. My five-year-old child complains and whines when things aren't the way she wants them, but courageous men and women roll up their sleeves and get busy. I want to be an active participant in putting back together the broken pieces.
Leaders are people who believe so passionately that they can seduce other people into sharing their dream.
The real winners in life are the people who look at every situation with an expectation that they can make it work ot make it better.
Leadership is for those who love the public good and are endowed and trained to administer it.
In politics, Bugs Bunny always beats Daffy Duck. Daffy's always going berserk, jumping up and down, yelling. Bugs's got that sly smile, like he always knows what's up, like nothing can ruffle him.
the condition of leadership adds new degrees of solitariness to the basic solitude of mankind. Every order that we issue increases the extent to which we are alone, and every show of deference which is extended to us separates us from our fellows.
Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity
Women feel a need for a certain level of prior training and experience that men do not necessarily demand in order to jump into a new role. There's a need for women to trust themselves more...
Count your blessings, discount you’re loses
Through real-life stories, Kristin Kaufman illustrates the core idea of being present in the moment and opening oneself up to new ideas in order to become an authentic leader in life.
No.” Allie stood her ground. “I’ll not go in.““Me, neither.” Jason slid from his horse. “If Allie ain’t going in, I’m not going in.”Wes glanced skyward. How was it possible for his near mute wife to pick up an echo? After four years in the Army, leading men, and two years of pushing cattle to market, it took Allie to make Wes realize that a leader wasn’t a leader unless he had a follower.“All right, where would you like to sleep tonight?
In a team setting, leadership is shared by a community of people, which counters the tendency for pastors to form congregations in their own images.
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy.
They stood there, King of the Hill, Top of the Heap, Ruler of All They Surveyed, Unimpeachable Monarchs and Presidents, trying to understand what it meant to own a world and how big a world really was.
Exercising leadership is an expression of your aliveness... But when you cover yourself up, you risk losing something as well. In the struggle to save yourself, you can give up too many of those qualities that are the essence of being alive, like innocence, curiosity, and compassion.
If done "as God wants.' then leadership will surely include intercessory prayer. The saintly Bishop Azariah of India once remarked to Bishop Stephen Neill that he found time to pray daily, by name, for every leader in his extensive diocese. Little wonder that during his thirty years of eldering there, the diocese tripled its membership and greatly increase in spiritual effectiveness
The mind is a storehouse with great capacity, but is often filled with dubious knowledge and meaningless trivialities. In truth, much of this - though at times interesting and entertaining - is of insignificant value.
The process of gaining power employs means which degrade or brutalize the seeker, who awakes to find that power has been possessed at the cost of virtue or moral purpose lost.
Sasha: "It's not your fault. You were doing what you thought was best to keep them safe. It isn't easy, making those kinds of decisions. I know that. And I also know the difference between you when you're trying to be the leader and you when you get to just be a boy."Wells: "It's funny you should say that,""Say what?""That you see the difference between me as a leader and me as a person.""I believe I said boy." she corrected.~Chapter 21 Pg: 228
The conservatives had started bringing demagoguery to the table on the [Afghan] war issue the previous fall [fall 2006]. Whenever opposition members criticized the war policy, assorted Tories accused them of being disloyal and of failing to support the troops....[Harper] was gaining the reputation of a leader who couldn't see a belt without wanting to hit below it.
Effective decision-making can be seen as an optimal link between memory of the past, ground-realities of the present and insights of the future.
Point me in the right direction, and shut the fuck up. I'm the one calling the shots now. Fall in line or fall down a fucking well.
The choice to lead is nurtured by the willingness to rise above challenges of life.
Be the start of something that is good, revolutionary and powerful. Everything after that is a bonus!
Never undermine the power of passion. You have a very high chance of achieving anything you are passionate about.
Try not to leave your work for someone else to do. If possible, carry the work of someone and add it to yours. That's a trait of leaders!
Contrary to popular opinion, leadership is not a reserved position for a particular group of people who were elected or appointed, ordained or enthroned. Leadership is self-made, self-retained, self-inculcated and then exposed through a faithful, sincere and examplary life.
All great leaders find a sense of balance through their levels of reception. For instance, those who support a leader may soften him, those who ignore him may challenge him, and those who oppose him may stroke his ego.
A true leader is still a leader even when he takes up servants' duty, provided he maintains a human face and added integrity to his self-retained qualities.
If you want people to to think, give them intent, not instruction.
If you don’t know what you value in life, then you won’t be able to make any meaningful decisions you can live with in the future.
Jackson lead as he lived, sometimes with his heart, sometimes with his mind, sometimes with both.
Fear cannot be banished, but it can be calm and without panic; it can be mitigated by reason and evaluation.
After Peter came to recognize his own inadequacy, his utter inability to fulfill his destiny apart from obedience to his only true responsibility, he became a rock-solid leader. As his story unfolds in the book of acts, we can clearly see that when Peter kept his eyes on Jesus and followed Him, others followed to. And they followed by the thousands. Needed today: more Peters.
Yes, in all my research, the greatest leaders looked inward and were able to tell a good story with authenticity and passion.
Without courage, it doesn't matter how good the leader's intentions are.
Winners see the dream and develop plans while the rest see the obstacles and develop justifications.
Today this courtyard was filled with great warriors. What is more? But it was not filled with great men who have the heart to rule a kingdom. Any man can kill, Finnikin. It is a stroke, an action with one's hand. But not every man knows how to lead.
You accomplish exactly as much as the people who serve you decide you'll accomplish, and nothing more.
He was not ill-fitted to be the head and representative of a community which owed its origin and progress, and its present state of development, not to the impulses of youth, but to the stern and tempered energies of manhood and the sombre sagacity of age; accomplishing so much, precisely because it imagined and hoped so little.
[Ella Baker]'s second defining characteristic was her dislike of top-down leadership... 'She felt leaders were not appointed but the rose up. Someone will rise. Someone will emerge'. It was an attitude Baker shared with some of the older women in the movement.
(Vice President) Garner has taken his personal smallness, his lack of generosity, and forged it into a political principle. He has no imagination, no convictions, and he substitutes political cynicism for social understanding.
a leadership is a position of action process of abolition,completion of mission,over come oppositionand submission of duties
How was your day? If your answer was "fine," then I don't think you were leading.
Only those who play win. Only those who risk win. History favors risk-takers. Forgets the timid. Everything else is commentary.
Leaders lead when they take positions, when they connect with their tribes, and when they help the tribe connect to itself.
Victim fall in love with excuses
Abraham Lincoln was asked by an aide about the church service he had attended. Lincoln responded that the minister was inspired, interesting, well-prepared, eloquent and the topic relevant. The aide said, “Then it was a good service?”Lincoln responded, “No.” The aide protested,“But, Mr. President, you said that the minister was inspired, interesting, well-prepared, eloquent, and that the topic was relevant.”“Yes,” replied Lincoln, “but he didn’t challenge us to do any great thing.
The essence of community, its heart and soul, is the non-monetary exchange of value; things we do and share because we care for others, and for the good of the place.
To have reservations is to show true leadership. To have certainty without question, to lead people to battle with no qualms, or to prosecute without hesitation are qualities of a tyrant.
No less a bold and pugnacious figure than Winston Churchill broke down and was unable to finish his remarks at the sendoff of the British Expeditionary Force into the maelstrom of World War I in Europe.
Humiliation is the only ladder to honoring God's Kingdom.
Any man who has ever led an army, an expedition, or a group of Boy Scouts has sadism in his bones.
Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience.
Men of God are not just born, they are formed
One mark of a good officer, he remembered, was the ability to make quick decisions. If they happen to be right, so much the better
The essence of leadership is not giving things or even providing visions. It is offering oneself and one's spirit.
Asking questions will get you the performance you are after far more than dictating demands.
His special gift was the ability to see the essence of a worthwhile suggestion and to relate it to what was already in existence or planned. Then he would encourage and shape the new project, repeatedly redesigning the curriculum so that a new department or course could have a comfortable place in which to grow and offer it benefits.
I believe it is the duty of each of us to act as if the fate of the world depended on him. Admittedly, one man by himself cannot do the job. However, one man can make a difference. We must live for the future of the human race, and not for our own comfort or success.
One of the fundamental aspects of leadership, I realized more and more, is the ability to instill confidence in others when you yourself are feeling insecure
A leader should demonstrate his thoughts and opinions through his actions, not through his words.
As I have earlier noted, the most important things in life and in business can’t be measured. The trite bromide 'If you can measure it, you can manage it' has been a hindrance in the building a great real-world organization, just as it has been a hindrance in evaluating the real-world economy. It is character, not numbers, that make the world go ‘round. How can we possibly measure the qualities of human existence that give our lives and careers meaning? How about grace, kindness, and integrity? What value do we put on passion, devotion, and trust? How much do cheerfulness, the lilt of a human voice, and a touch of pride add to our lives? Tell me, please, if you can, how to value friendship, cooperation, dedication, and spirit. Categorically, the firm that ignores the intangible qualities that the human beings who are our colleagues bring to their careers will never build a great workforce or a great organization.
To be an enduring, great company, you have to build a mechanism for preventing or solving problems that will long outlast any one individual leader.
To function efficiently, any group of people or employees must have faith in their leader."- Capt. Bligh(ret.)
A critical element in nearly all effective social movements is leadership. For it is through smart, persistent, and authoritative leaders that a movement generates the appropriate concepts and language that captures the frustration, anger, or fear of the group's members and places responsibility where it is warranted.
His (Lenin's)humanitarianism was a very abstract passion. It embraced humanity in general but he seems to have had little love for, or even interest in, humanity in particular. He saw the people with whom he dealt, his comrades, not as individuals but as receptacles for his ideas. On that basis, and no other, they were judged. He judged man not by their moral qualities but by their views, or rather the degree to which they accepted his.
All that technical expertise isn't worth a damn if you don't get the best out of people, though. . . . These were leaders who saw strength in ordinary people and showed them how to break tyranny.
Some are born leaders, some achieve leadership, and some have leadership thrust upon them. Which of these are you, or would you rather not bother?
Finally, the president added, 'The American people are idealists, but they also want their leaders to be realistic...
Bailey might not have great intelligence or abilities, but his whole aim, thought and study was that of the born leader--to look out for himself; and he did it with that born-leader's confidence and intensity that draws along the ordinary uncertain man, who soon confuses his own interest and his own safety with that of the leader.
We shall all respect the principle of each other and do nothing that would be regarded as an act oppression to any portion of the people
Be your self at your personal best
It was not only that he was a great man, but, oh, there was such fun in being led by him.
Your mission statement, vision statement, core values, and service standards provide a clear focus for all while keeping your team humble and hungry. It creates that family environment in which your employees enjoy coming to work and dealing with the challenges they face each day.
If your culture is how you do business internally, your brand is what people believe about you externally.
You can’t be “it” for everyone. In fact, if you try to please everyone, you will please no one, especially yourself.
You’ve got to get your team to not only understand your company brand, but also to understand their personal brand.
Even if you delegate that responsibility, ultimately you are the one responsible for howyour brand is portrayed.
Never take lightly that becoming an employer puts another person’s ability to provide for their life in your hands.
Train your new employee properly. Sounds so obvious, and yet it often doesn’t happen.
Treat your employees like you would want to be treated if you were an employee.
Comprehension is the ability to follow an explanation.Understanding is the ability to be able to lead if needed.
A leader is someone who figures out the way, then gets out of the way so others can lead.
It is better to be a Number Two in a working system, than be a Number One yet lack capacity to make the system work.
How to uplift others. It’s not a pie, it’s a cake. It’s not a ladder, it’s a bridge.
LEADERSHIP is your org chart turned upside down.
The magnificence of light can only be seen when it strikes an obstacle. Likewise, the magnificence of a leader is in how he deals with problems.
If the only way for you to get people to do your bidding is through force or intimidation, you are neither a leader nor a boss: you are an a**hole.
Yes, You Can!You Can Turn Your... ...Adversity into Your Advantage...Mess into Your Message...Test into Your Testimony...Pain into Your Possibilities ...Setback into a Major Comeback...Gift into Greatness ...Passion into Profit...Success into Significance ...Limitation into Creativity Most importantly, you can and will turn your dreams into reality!
If there isn't a struggle, there's no stretch, and therefore no growth. Easy doesn’t change you and comfort won’t challenge you. Coasting isn't a strategy.
Leadership comes at a cost.It’s called servant leadership.
But oh, the perils of leadership in a species so anxious to be told what to do. How little they knew of what they created by their demands. Leaders made mistakes. And those mistakes, amplified by the numbers who followed without questioning, moved inevitably toward great disasters.
Customer service has everything to do with consistency, systems, training, and the habits you and your team create.
Everything you attract into your life is a reflection of the story you believe and keep telling yourself.
Love for others is the foundation of leadership.Simplicity is the language of leadership.Authenticity is the true character of leadership.
Ideal humane leadership begins with a real demonstration of love, continues relating with acceptance of fellow humankind and consciously follows that through with every opportunity.
Do something in your life which will make millions of people attend your funeral. Have a worthy life.
Following trends on social media will not lead to social consciousness.
Neither mislead nor misguide.
Leadership is the art of influencing people to execute your strategic thinking
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.
Your company culture is made up of the family rules ofyour business that establish consistent expectations among all.
When you create a company culture, you are drawing your lines in the sand for you, first & then for anyone else who does business with you.
All businesses begin and end with their company culture.
You want how you do business to be consistent among all team members, including partners, management, employees, and even vendors.
Your company culture is the internal foundation on which everything in your business builds.
To gain your share of the market, you must show how your company is different and how your culture produces a unique experience for your customers, leaving no room for competition. And that, Bombshell, is your brand.
When you have a strong company culture it will shine through your brand and you can authentically say, “This is what our brand is about.
Creating a company culture is the first operational step in becoming a bold, brave fempreneur. It creates certainty, a road map and stability.
Your mission statement outlines why your company exists. It doesn’t have to be all fancy-pants, just a clear statement of what you do.
While a mission statement speaks to why a company exists, a vision statement communicates what you want to accomplishin the future.
Values are the measuring stick for howyou make decisions in business: goal setting, employee conduct, recognition, discipline—everything.
The ability to kill someone doesn't make you a leader, and it doesn't make someone great. There's nothing great about dying or taking a life.
Empowerment includes growth mindset, positive thinking, acceptance of new challenge, learning and positive self-image.
As you get connection with the higher source, your creativity increases
Mindfulness improves your capacity for self-discovery and empowerment.
Create gaps between stimulus and reaction and the gap will show you the path.
When you can, show them, when they can't teach them and when you do remember the only deed worth doing is the one that helps another up.
Part of knowing how to be prepared comes from being self-aware—being able to anticipate what you’ll need (or screw up) and planning accordingly. I know I am rarely, if ever, the smartest person in the room. And that’s totally OK. What’s not OK is (1) not recognizing that and (2) not coming ready to participate in a meaningful way.
Letter to the tech giants:When fame and abundance kiss somebody’s feet before that person is wise enough, he or she is very likely to lose track of what’s necessity and what’s luxury. And modern society is filled with examples of such intelligent stupidity – stupidity that is carried out by apparently smart humans. Because being smart is not the same as being wise. The world has enough smartness, but not enough wisdom to bring that smartness into proper productive practice – and I mean productive practice not sophisticated practice – there is a difference. A person smart enough to visualize a Falcon rocket engine can easily pinpoint the locations of various organizations that spread terrorism, yet the person chooses to explore the space further instead of prioritizing the technological advantages to first fix real issues of the human society that inflict harm to the humans every walk of the way.The world is a miserable place not because we have lack of resources, but because those who have an abundance of resources do not have the slightest idea of true human need. The resources needed for colonizing Mars if put to proper practice can fix the world’s global warming issues – it can fix the world’s climate change issues – it can fix the world’s terrorism issues, yet people are more interested in the pompous idea of living in Mars for whatever reason, instead of paying attention to improving human condition on earth. I am not against technological advancement, for I am a scientist, but my soul aches when I see smart people are dumb enough to chase after illusory glory of doing something different and innovative instead of focusing the powers of their soul on cleaning up the misery business on earth. You can, yet you don’t. Why?Smartness without wisdom is stupidity. You are smart – yes indeed – but I am sorry – you are stupid at the same time. How can you dream of having a cheese burger on Mars when your own kind on Earth is suffering! How can you think of taking rich kids into the orbit just so they can admire the beauty of earth from the heavens, when that very earth is infested with the primordial evils of human character! Awaken the human within you my friend, and pay attention. Awaken the human within and let it consume all the miseries from the world that you live in. Say a member of your family falls ill, would you ignore his or her misery completely just because you want to make life more comfortable for others than it already is, or would you first try everything in your capacity in order to heal your loved one!Be wise my friend, for it is not enough to be smart. You are smart – there is no doubt about that – so utilize that smartness for humanity and heal your own kind. Heal your kind with your capacity my friend. It is wailing for healers – not some delusional faith healers, but real tangible healers. Would you not do anything! Would you not give your soul to fix the broken soul of this world! Arise my friend, Awake my friend and work for humanity, not to make it sophisticated, but to make it peaceful first. Remember, humanity first, then everything else. Peace first, sophistication later. Harmony first, luxury later.
Peace first, sophistication later. Harmony first, luxury later.
Arise my friend, Awake my friend and work for humanity, not to make it sophisticated, but to make it peaceful first.
I have learned a lot about myself over the years, mostly because I was open to hearing feedback. I wear my emotions on my sleeve. I usually dislike someone before I like them. I’m sensitive—especially when I’m tired or feel I’m being misunderstood. This may sound like the “About Me” section on a bad online dating profile, but knowing this stuff has allowed me to keep my contacts, my reputation, and my sanity throughout a long and often stressful career. Being self-aware means knowing when you’re about to act bad—and then not acting bad.
What you realize is that everyone has her own priorities—her own constituency. Often, being a leader is not about making grand proclamations or telling people what to do; it’s about balancing all these priorities and constituencies.
You should always be prepared to defend your choices, whether just to yourself (sometimes this is the hardest) or to your coworkers, your friends, or your family. The quickest way for people to lose confidence in your ability to ever make a decision is for you to pass the buck, shrug your shoulders, or otherwise wuss out. Learning how to become a decision maker, and how you ultimately justify your choices, can define who you are.
Why seek help when you can become the help! Why wish for miracle when you can become the miracle! You are a God O brave-heart – never forget that. Have faith – not in an imaginary monkey up there – but in the powers vested in you by Mother Nature.
I never understood what it meant to be a Democrat or Republican. I'm fully American and agree on some issues presented by both - but not all of them. So why do I have to pick a side? Nobody can say they agree with every single issue proposed by any team unless they lack the ability to think for themselves. To me, both parties are the same. A method to distract and divide a nation from using common sense and logic. I would want a leader to represent every fraction of the country as one united SUM. To make the country stronger, not weaker. One thing I know for certain, is to never choose a leader who needs their speeches written for them. If they cannot communicate to the public directly with their own heart, then they are not a true leader.
A good leader lays seeds to grow trees of peace. A bad leader lays down bricks to build walls of ignorance. Always choose the peacemaker, not the divider. The one who unites and strengthens a country, not divides and cripples it. A leader that will build bridges, not walls.
Lately, however, I have changed my thinking on this. I have a new Greek mythological figure in mind for the CIO; Cassandra. Cassandra made the critical relationship-building error of spitting on Apollo. As retaliation, Apollo gave Cassandra the power of prophecy, but also the curse of never being believed. (Cassandra eventually goes insane, by the way, so you all have that to look forward to.)
Great leaders never sought followers but follower seek them
A hero takes steps with the vision of bringing what is beyond the eyes of mere men into reality for them to come to a certain realization. A hero opens doors for the eyes of mere men to see things inside the closed doors and ponder, learn lessons and think of different actions! A hero faces challenges in an overcoming manner with a certain charisma that surpasses the understanding of mere men! To be a hero, one needs a certain gut! It is not as if heroes don’t hit the rock bottom, never! Heroes meet big problems, but big problems and challenges are what defines heroism, and even if heroes are unable to arrest and cripple all the challenges they meet, they must never be discredited for their awesome ingenuity that brought awe, became a yardstick, natured minds, provoked thoughts and caused the envy of mere men to shake, gave people reasons to reason, showed people the essence of life, cleared the path for people to take their journey, and epitomized true heroism! Heroes die after they have blazed the trail! Heroes retire after they have done something unique and unthinkable! Heroes are heroes, regardless of their slips or the big or small things they could never do as heroes, for most times heroes die as heroes whilst challenging the unthinkable challenges! Even if all people don’t see and acknowledge the heroism of a hero, heroes see, feel and understand what it really takes to be a hero! A hero is a hero! Don’t ever undermine heroism!
Let them ask who you are but do not let others dictate who you should be.
Go the extra mile to do the undone, but work within your limits, and in doing so also, don’t be a coward to question things within your limit that are not all that right, and don’t be too arrogant or proud or be filled with excessive knowledge to do things which might though be within your limit, yet out of limit, for you must live and leave nothing, but distinctive and lasting footprints!
The everyday actions of average citizens have a greater impact on society than any politician. Unfortunately politicians exert a disproportionate amount of influence on the actions of the average citizen. If we all use our own ability to positively influence the people around us, time will erode the negative impact of any politician.
The nature of your work does not have to be the culture of your team.
The best leaders don't give a damn about the definition of leadership, they are thinking about more important things.
Statesmen should remember that they have been elected to persuade and to lead, and not just to accept as fixed the momentary moods and pernicious prejudices of the public.
Pass the parcel. That's sometimes all you can do. Take it, feel it, and pass it on. Not for me, not for you, but for someone, somewhere, one day. Pass it on, boys. That's the game I want you to learn. Pass it on.
Money Can make things better but a perfect relationship makes your life complete.
A world without heroes is just an empty world! A world without heroes is just a world without great stories! There are heroes, and there are heroes! A hero takes steps with the vision of bringing what is beyond the eyes of mere men into reality for them to come to a certain realization. A hero opens doors for the eyes of mere men to see things inside the closed doors and ponder, learn lessons and think of different actions! A hero faces challenges in an overcoming manner with a certain charisma that surpasses the understanding of mere men! To be a hero, one needs a certain gut! It is not as if heroes don’t hit the rock bottom, never! Heroes meet big problems, but big problems and challenges are what define heroism, and even if heroes are unable to arrest and cripple all the challenges they meet, they must never be discredited for their awesome ingenuity that brought awe, became a yardstick, natured minds, provoked thoughts and caused the envy of mere men to shake, gave people reasons to reason, showed people the essence of life, cleared the path for people to take their journey, and epitomized true heroism! Heroes die after they have blazed the trail! Heroes retire after they have done something unique and unthinkable! Heroes are heroes, regardless of their slips or the big or small things they could never do as heroes, for most times heroes die as heroes whilst challenging the unthinkable challenges! Even if all people don’t see and acknowledge the heroism of a hero, heroes see, feel and understand what it really takes to be a hero! A hero is a hero! Don’t ever undermine heroism!
The Shoes Should fit! you can't build a business that is not yours.
Leadership including directorship is crucial to strengthen the business links and weave them to the differentiated business capabilities.
The boards as top leadership team can no longer avoid, delegate, or ignore the need for technical competency among their ranks.
Digital leaders including board directors today need to understand that the linear management skills are not sufficient to lead today’s nonlinear digital world with the deep learning curve.
Every authentic leader needs to mind certain gaps and bridge the cognitive difference.
When you get the opportunity to lead, remember it is a noble opportunity not just to amass followers, but to nurture true and great leaders who can do even great things than you!
Be a leader and be a transformer !When you get the opportunity to lead, remember it is a noble opportunity not just to amass followers, but to nurture true and great leaders who can do even greater things than you did! That never wipes off your footprints!
...you cannot be a leader if no one is willing to follow and work alongside you. An arrogant person does not ask for help and is therefore helpless. An arrogant person claims to know everything and thus is clueless. A humble person attracts helpers and teachers.
Be discerning with rumors on leaders, for most are birthed by the envy of the idle or the desperation of the defeated.
True leaders apply law and grace, for those who only apply only law have little influence and those who apply only grace do not influence properly.
What is a community? It is the sum total of our choices.
To lead by force all you need is a greater army, but to lead by example, to be a city on a hill, you need an uncompromising respect for basic dignity. And you don't gain either of those things by breeding monsters in dungeons.
No matter how much you water the ground, if the ground holds no seed then no plant is coming out. Don’t expect the plant to come out unless you have sown a seed
In a Consciously Constructive Revolutionary Workplace, the focus is on stakeholders, People, Planet AND profits, not just the shareholder's greed of more profits.
Be Gods and make Gods.
Love is the fertile ground that allows obedience to sprout & flourish
Wisdom is the ability to ignore foolishness
PRUNING can be PAINFUL yet it brings PROSPERITY
Selfish leadership is okay with the failure of the successor so as to ensure that any form of praise will continue to be heaped on them
In a Consciously Constructive Revolutionary Workplace, Happiness fuelsHigher Performance, which creates Greater Happiness, which again fuels higher performance.
We are not just the leaders of tomorrow. Leadership is not a destination, leadership is a lifetime journey
I am not a man of words, not yesterday, not the day before, not from the first time You spoke to your servant. I am slow of speech and tongue.
Be the ocean let the river come to you.
Grasp the simplicity and power of no excuses and you have guaranteed success.
We are constantly evolving as we are interacting with the world. Mindfulness and growth mindset drives our evolution faster and on right tracks.
The man who has dedicated himself to the success of the protect, the master builder, no longer has any freedom: his conduct is now determined altogether by the constraining force of the end. Logically, therefore, he is bound to require at every moment from his companions whatever will best serve that end, and he demands of them imperiously whatever he thinks is of that nature. This imperiousness, though to immediate view that of the master, springs ultimately from the project itself, for it is the project which is in command. In the eyes of those under him, however, it is the master who hustles them, and they think him inhuman by reason of his disregard of their moods and personalities and his inability to see them other than as servants of the project (like himself).
The law of all modern states takes account of associations, whose members, in theory, pursue the common end with equal zeal. The experience of all associations proves, however, that this is not the case, and that a lively, constant and vigorous awareness of the end is found only in a minority of the associates; an association is really rather like a comet—a large tail of docile followers dragged along by a small dynamic head.
The more routine that systematised activities are, the more nearly they are of the monotonous character seen in the habits of social animals and the less necessary are master builders; the more novel actions are, the more necessary are master builders. Dislike of the leader and the promoter, though linked emotionally to progressivism, is linked logically to total conservatism. Conversely, an authoritarian approach, natural enough in the instigator of new activities, is unjustified in the mere overseer of routines.
Don't follow the crowd until you are sure you want to be where they're going.
I believe that the best leadership is loud authenticity. That is what the world needs now. We don’t need more plastic, Photoshopped perfection. I don’t want people to look at me and wish they could be me. I want people to be more accepting of their own failures, imperfections, and struggles because they are inspired by how I accept my own.
Explore new avenues and look for ways to have a greater, much more influential impact on the world around you.
Fate and family put me in charge of this city. I will run it my way.
If given a choice between a potentially great hardship and doing nothing, people gravitate toward what was most familiar and comfortable. That was why leadership was needed. To do what was necessary rather than what was easy.
The worst thing about having power over other people's lives is that you sometimes get things wrong.
Leadership is not about gaining something from your actions. Gain is the outcome and should not be the purpose.
There are hundreds of political prisoners right now in America’s jails who were so taken by Malcolm [X’s} spirit that they became warriors and the powers that be understood them as warriors. They knew that a lot of these other middle-class [black] leaders were not warriors; they were professionals; they were careerists. But these warriors had callings, and they have paid an incalculable and immeasurable price in those cells.
Instead of casting aspersions at the process, why don’t you redirect your energy towards something more advantageous, like finally completing the Program!
Simple is clever. Complicated just means you haven’t been clever enough to reduce ‘it’ to its essence.
Try to lead the leaders and first never follows in whatever case may be, avoid following someone just strive for being followed by other people.
The sense of community is that feeling of togetherness that brings us comfort. We are all alone in the world, so we strive to form bonds with others to eliminate that sense of feeling alone.
Keep making a difference out there! Don't let the noise around you distract you from listening to the voice within you.
As you start your day, are you wondering what you will reap, or are you wondering what you will sow?
If you're going to lead people, you've got to have somewhere to go.
Being a leader isn't a title, it's a lifestyle and there is no on and off switch.
The laws of physics that deal with inertia also apply to humans, such that situations tend to remain the same over time.
Most of the people want to be a leader of winners, but I want to be a leader of losers because losers are the people who truly know the value of winning and they also know how to use and respect it.
You can lead if you can serve. You can serve when you can love. You can love when you are graced. The truth is that God knows love will be needed in volumes, this is why he made his grace abundant. Leaders are lovers. Misleaders are haters!
Most times, the leader’s ornament isn’t the smiles you see on their faces during the time of victory. It is the sweats we don’t see when they were struggling behind the scenes.
Ensure you have done each day’s portion of the heavy responsibilities resting on you. Never delay your success!
When you give up because challenges arise, you are just too ignorant about the power of the gifts you carry within you.
Never let hatred give you an escort. It will drag your attention from all fortunes along the way.
Every talent God has hidden in you is not for your own consumption
You don’t see someone flying and you begin to bite yourself for not being able to do that. You do what you can.
Everyone appears to be courageous until bad weathers arrive, and then we know the true leaders.
When dark situations arise, it is opportunity for you to reveal the leader in you. Rise and deal with them.
Love people who hate you and their hatred won’t get grounds to gain roots.
Ballot papers don’t determine who leads; they determine who takes which position. As to whether that person occupying the position will lead or will manipulate, character must come to prove it.
Would people be excited about your departure from the earth or they would wish you should come back again and again if possible?
The leader’s commandment is made up of pledges to solve local and global problems, and not to create more problems to add to the existing ones.
A leader’s cross is the temporal pain they go through and his crown is the permanent gain when at last victory is achieved.
Leaders #1 job is to help their people, teams, leadership, and culture, to be #FutureFit...by supporting People, Planet & Profits, in a Consciously Constructive Revolutionary Workplace... today.
Leadership is detachment: detachment from material goods, detachment from feelings as well as personal detachment. To lead is to get rid of the filters of the mind and the addictions of the heart, is to see through the fog not only the objectives clearly but also the way to pursue them.
Leadership needs continuous learning from experience. Every time you learn something new, you re-wire your brain.
Compassion needs new approach and new outlook with the way you see the world.
Don’t always complain the way isn’t there. If you can’t find the way, create it.
If you are an aspiring leader and you have not yet gone through any trouble, prepare for one. It is by going through the hard times that you become harder against the storms of life.
Compassion makes you strong, caring and creative. It creates a different attitude, a level of maturity and understanding, where you do something which makes you stand out of crowd.
In the path of compassion our patience, resilience and endurance are often challenged. Sometimes we may fail but we have to stand up again because ultimate joy of compassion is immeasurable for us and the whole world.
I was taught that the most hardworking nurse is found at the dirtiest part of the clinical ward.
People who swim very well in troubled waters are respected and celebrated than those who swim excellently in calm waters.
People who run away from challenges are cowards and no coward deserves a reward.
Don’t complain of terrible circumstances. It has been proven several times that they are the sources of celebrated trophies.
The strongest storms make the best sailors. The strongest games make the best players. Tougher challenges make the best leaders.
Leadership is about taking people from a good place to a better place where they would not regret to be.
When the leader grows, the organization grows.
When the leader goes wayward, the organization goes wayward.
This is an everyday question and you must take note of it always. When you wake up, it should be among your number one thoughts. What are you doing for others?
Don’t wait for someone else to do it so you enjoy. You can’t do it yourself. Just try it.
No one has the right to pee on your dreams!
Whatever you want is behind the mountain of struggles. Nothing great comes with ease.
Don’t reduce your impacts to match what you earn.
The active minority in the world is the fraction that makes the world a better place for the passive majority.
A person with passion will not look somewhere to see who is not doing it
You don’t need a huge number of people with little passions to get a good job done. You rather need few people with huge passion.
Leaders make impacts. If your riches don’t help you to make impacts, you aren’t leading anyone; rather, money is leading you.
You missed it when you pay more attention to the damaged car in the mechanic shop than the sick human being in the hospital.
Leaders know how to set priorities. They focus on the task that requires the most rapid attention.
Whatever comes to you in a cheap way will vanish in a cheap way. Be patient and earn it the hard way.
Avoid trying to win tough battles on the silver platter. If the struggle is tough the success is sweet.
Develop the muscles for hard work and never be an early quitter.
Leaders face battles. They don’t run away from troubles.
Whatever you are waiting for won’t come to you
If you’re going to give up after few attempts, bear it in mind that your struggles are going to be wasted.
Most times, the way isn’t clear, but you want to start anyway. It is in starting with the first step that other steps become clearer.
When you are silent on the truth, you have given a transport fare for the lie to travel and spread fast.
A dream without an action is like a fish without gills. It can’t survive.
Until you step in the game and influence the skills, you will never change the score line.
It is good to exercise patience. But never let your patience be the type that will keep you refrained from acting.
A leader is a thorn in the flesh of oppressive people. They never feel comfortable when a leader stands up.
Leaders fight hard wars againstinjustice and unfairness. Theybelieve that the truth is a weapon;when triggered, the lie dies.
Hiding the truth is as evil as feedingthe lie grow tough muscles.
Promised yourself never to keep quiet on the truth. Speak it out and let the lie die
When liberators hide their liberty tools, injustice prevails. True leaders intervene by dealing with injustice before it passes puberty.
If you are going to hide yourself and you will not stand against the work of the bad people, you have given them an endorsement.
Silence is very dangerous, especially when your words can be the only source of healing at a moment.
I noticed that volcanoes, earthquakes and floods, though are not good events, they are better than the silence of good people when bad people take the podium. The latter are to an extent uncontrollable, but the former can be stopped.
A leader is someone who creates better ways of doing things and better ways are new and comfortable ways.
If you are not going to divorce the status quo, you will give birth to mediocrity.
A leader’s goal is to improve on upon the past and if your goal is to remain where you are, doing the same things you have done times and times again, you can’t lead.
Never reject the opportunity to take the first step. The first step is the key to obtaining the experience you have longed for.
Leaders don't rise to the pinnacle of success without developing the right set of attitudes and habits: They make every day a masterpiece. They are also humble enough to realize their victories depend upon their people
It is so much easier to honour the leaders who are honourable.
Attitude is the power of leadership. Nothing can stop a person from achieving success who has the right attitude. Our attitude cannot stop our feelings, but they can prevent our feelings from stopping us
Leaders think and talk about the solutions and progress Followers think and talk about the problems and negative criticism
A potential leader who obeys God is in much better position to succeed than one who ignores God's will for his life
Leadership is not about about having power over people - it is about empowering people ans showing them direction
Your potential is not a trial and error experience. God designed and predetermined you to be a success story.
If you pull a plant out of the soil, you dont need to kill it. It will wither on its own. If you take a fish out of the water, you dont need to kill it. It will suffocate and eventually die. Likewise, if a man takes himself out of connection with God, you dont need to impose destruction on him. He will die spiritually, and its only a matter of time before he dies physically. Do not lose your connection this festive season and beyond. Whoever stays attached to the Source will have life
Your success lies in your ability to believe in yourself
Convince yourself that you can do it, and the rest of the world will automatically be convinced
Work hard. Work smart. Remain grounded. Serve others and be enthusiastic.
Leadership can mean defiance.
Thought Leadership “The Downing Street Years” Book by Margaret Thatcher“I have a habit of comparing the phraseology of communiques . . . noting a certain similarity of words, a certain similarity of optimism . . . and a certain similarity in the lack of practical results during the ensuring years.”Margaret Thatcher AuthorFormer British Prime Minister#smitanairjain #leadership #womenintech #thoughtleaders #tedxspeaker #technology #tech #success #strategy #startuplife #startupbusiness #startup #mentor #leaders #itmanagement #itleaders #innovation #informationtechnology #influencers #Influencer #hightech #fintechinfluencer #fintech #entrepreneurship #entrepreneurs #economy #economics #development #businessintelligence #business
If you want success as a leader in a complex environment read Commanding Excellence and follow it!
Convincing a team to believe in a vision takes sponsorship, commitment, and strong leadership. Commanding Excellence demonstrates how to create a culture that everyone commits to from the boardroom to the battlefield. A must-read for anyone who works in a goal-oriented environment
It's not about WHO is right, it's about WHAT is right.
Alignment, to us, means bringing pieces into the same line - the same direction. The metaphor is that a magnet will make pieces of iron point toward it. Agreement is share intellectual understanding. Tribes are clusters of people, and people are complex and nonrational at times. If a tribe is united only by agreement, as soon as times change, agreement has to be reestablished. If people learn new ideas or see a problem from a new perspective, they no longer agree, so tribes based on agreement often discourage learning, questioning, and independent thought. Tribes based on alignment want to maximize each person's contribution, provided that they stay pointed in the same direction like magnetized iron filings.
Alignment, to us, means bringing pieces into the same line - the same direction. The metaphor is that a magnet will make pieces of iron point toward it. Agreement is shared intellectual understanding. Tribes are clusters of people, and people are complex and nonrational at times. If a tribe is united only by agreement, as soon as times change, agreement has to be reestablished. If people learn new ideas or see a problem from a new perspective, they no longer agree, so tribes based on agreement often discourage learning, questioning, and independent thought. Tribes based on alignment want to maximize each person's contribution, provided that they stay pointed in the same direction like magnetized iron filings.
The most risky day in the world will be the day the bird will decide to swim and the fish will decide to fly. Stay glued to what you can do.
It is not just about what you can do that will make you a leader. It is about how well you can do it.
The more you concentrate on what you discover that you will be good for you to pursue, the more experienced you will be while doing it.
Coaching is one of the most effective leadership styles that can transform, empower and unlock people's potential. Ask more, advice less, elevate your impact forever.
Leading means running fast enough to keep ahead of your people
This fact is that the heaviest and more burdensome load ever is neither the cement bag nor the iron rod. It is hatred.
Harbour no hatred in your heart against anyone. People who do this have placed their influence on the risky line.
Innovators are the ones whose dreams are clearer than the reality that tells them they're crazy.
If you will always remember your age and forget your dream, you will live great years and narrow impacts will come out of it.
Within this historic and optimistic future in mind, I have made no value judgment of the destiny bestowed on each nation. For all this, however, leadership matters; so do the institutional structures and the system of political governance.
A self-leader looks around for problems, and then thinks deep to device solutions to them.
And don’t forget, if you are very intelligent but load yourself with bad characters, nobody will follow you.
Become the destroyer of sects - become the breaker of privileges – become the messenger of equality – become the prophet of goodness.
Never let your tiny age misguide you to think the time is not yet up. Get up and do it at any age.
A Consciously Conscious Revolutionary Workplace mindset, is People Firsts, to ensure that it's not a prostitute of our children's future.
You can’t be a self-leader if you are an enemy to yourself. Stop the hatred and love yourself.
To influence people with your leadership gifts, you don’t make them your enemies. When they are your enemies, they won’t take your words seriously; neither will they support your actions.
Since you can’t be influence by people who hate you, you cannot influence people you hate also.
Not money, not fame and not positions can transform an enemy into a friend but rather, it is love that can do such a job.
In a Consciously Conscious Revolutionary Workplace, its People First, Planet Second and then Profits.
In a Consciously Conscious Revolutionary Workplace, people are promoted based upon skillset, AND more importantly MINDSET
Don’t look for leadership just at the top of the tree. Listen to leadership wherever it is expressed.
The art of communication is the language of leadership.
Employees who are not engaged have untapped potential that sours like a perishable item.
It doesn't make sense to hire smart people and then tell them what to to , We hire smart people so they can tell us what to do.
Life is not about who you know, but rather about who knows you & what you stand for. Show the world with presence, actions & the way you lead your life, who you are.
People follow leaders by choice. Without trust, at best you get compliance.
No institution can possibly survive if it needs geniuses or supermen to manage it. It must be organized in such a way as to be able to get along under a leadership composed of average human beings.
Managers are people who know what they want.Leaders are people who get what they want.
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all answers.It comes from being open to all questions.
Leadership is not about the power and status of one but the empowerment and service of all. That is what it should be and that is how it should be measured.
Headship is the divine calling of a husband to take primary responsibility for Christ-like, servant leadership, protection, and provision in the home.
If you delegate tasks, you create followers, if you delegate authority , you create leaders
No one can be managed or led, people are inspired and cared for.
Building a better world requires re-humanising the whole world .It is the only practical way.
True leaders are surrounded by the accomplishments they achieve and lead with quiet example that shouts integrity with actions they example
You must look through an opportunity and not at it.
Opportunity to help others is the opportunity to help yourself in disguise.
Live. Love. Learn. Lead.
Businesses create real value if they drive the fulfilment for other people. The true definition of leadership.
In good organizations, leaders are treated with a sense of appreciation and respect by employees; in great organizations, employees are treated with the same esteem by leaders.
When a person is engaged, dedication to their craft, desire to achieve, and relentless commitment to make a difference is palpable. You can see it, hear it, and feel it…and it is contagious!
Leadership is about what’s right for the organization, not what feels right for the leader.
Holding your team accountable to do the jobs they’re being paid to do is not being mean; it’s being a manager, and that’s your job.
Storytelling is not something we do. Storytelling is who we are.
True friends don't send sms, they give a phone call.
Out of your comfort zone is the growth zone.
A vision keeps you going even when your partners and sponsors leave you.
Leadership is the art of following, listening and executing.
You build legacy when you do something and also when you do nothing.
We become what we think. If you have a negative thinking, stop thinking.
Be as good as you would want to follow yourself.
The source of motivation should be in the vision, not position.
Do not look after people with big titles. Look after people with big characters.
How do you know who´s the leader? When he says nothing, but everybody understands what has to be done.
Vision is oxygen for companies.
Not every gift must you stretch your hands to take! Sometimes, just put your hands by your side and humbly and courageously say thank you!
If you are number 2 or 3 and you are ok with that, then you are ready to be number one and everybody is ok with that.
Leaders move among the various stages each day. But effective leaders move among the right stages at the right times.
You can’t effectively move up to the next stage of leadership yourself until your current stage leadership skills are solid and are being developed in your team members so they can take over as you move on.
Rich people can´t afford to waste time.
How much of your time, at your “hourly rate,” is wasted each year because you’re cleaning up after your employees and fixing issues they’ve created or haven’t resolved themselves?
What is the cost of replacing and bringing up to speed one of your managers, supervisors, or front-line employees who left because they were frustrated with your organization’s leadership?
Care about people first, then numbers.
When you strive for excellence in leadership, then you will excel as a leader.
Connect enthusiastically. Give relentlessly and lead courageously.
Jackson’s plight raises difficult questions about leadership and morality. His situation illustrates the need to acknowledge that our leaders will occasionally disappoint themselves and us. If we demand that they be perfect, we risk disillusionment when their shortcomings surface. The underlying flaw of our unwritten compact with leaders is the desperate need to believe that they must be pure to be effective. The best leaders concede their flawed humanity even as they aspire to lofty goals.This does not mean that we should not hold leaders accountable for their actions. To his credit, Jackson acknowledged his failure, sought the forgiveness of his family and followers, and provided for his infant daughter. He is willing to practice the same moral accountability he preaches. Because Jackson has so prominently urged young people to take the high road of personal responsibility, some conclude that his actions reveal hypocrisy. But it is not hypocritical to fail to achieve the moral standards that one believes are correct. Hypocrisy comes when leaders conjure moral standards that they refuse to apply to themselves and when they do not accept the same consequences they imagine for others who offend moral standards.
Any leadership that disempowers its followers cannot be entrusted to lead.
Leaders should never look down on the people who put them into power because every leadership requires followers.
The strategist chooses the shortest path while the leader chooses the path through which he learns something new.
Every time I read "serve", I understand "leadership".
Being silent in the right moment is a skill.
If you want to lead people, but you have problems in being authentic, you´ve lost.
I am what "I click" every day. I am what I watch. I am what I refuse or accept. I am not better than you and you are not better than me. I am here to lead by serving and to serve by loving.
Sometimes you will bleed if you want to lead.
You can't lead people where you haven't been yet.
Leadership does never compete, but completes.
Every time before you speak, look in the mirror and be sure not to copy someone else.
Follow leaders who follow leaders.
You can buy likes, but you can´t buy influence.
Communication is a possibility. Connecting is an ability. Caring is a decision.
Follow people who love people. Not necessarily those who teach people.
Follow leaders for their questions, not only for their answers.
People are not dumb. They feel if you want rather to lead them than to love them.
We know how to lead projects, but we forget how to lead people, because we forgot how to lead ourselves.
A great speaker always inspires people by his actions.
Some people are like "the great wall of china", you can´t reach them.
Leaders fly economy. They prefer people around them than luxury.
Leaders pull the trigger, but the "shot" belongs to you.
I am dreaming of leaders who lead by serving.
Invest in people who don´t deserve it yet.
If you have time, you need a vision. If you have money you need a purpose.
Staying humble and being grateful is a perfect combination for longterm leadership
If people copy your ideas or thoughts, don´t stop them. It´s a sign, that you are an influencer.
Leadership is a longterm game.
Make people feel great when they feel small. Make them feel responsible when they feel great.
You want to build a big business? Start with your character.
Number one" leaders never think about positions, but disposition.
Leadership. Something you need few words for, acts are enough.
Leadership. An environment for developing changers.
Leadership. Applies for weak and strong ones.
Leadership. More than a New York Times best seller book.
Intentional leadership. The moment when your business starts to grow.
Leadership. When you attract more skilled people than you.
Leadership. A gun to protect or a gun to kill. Your choice.
Leadership. Where the greatest also has a mentor.
Leadership. Sees the future and knows the past.
Leadership. No rules, no laws, no books, no titles, just influence.
We do not influence through speaking that much, but by leading.
Our job is...To listen more than we speak.To follow more than we lead.To love more than we receive.To forgive more than we've been forgiven.To remember more than we forget.
I don't care if you dream big or small. Do shit.
Understand this: If you pay attention to the client, he will pay attention to your product.
People need to be loved and then to be led.
Don´t speak about it, prove it - Leadership
If you're focused, you can't get bored.
Bad Leadership: When you want to lead people more than to love them.
Leadership is influence. An influencer is not automatically a leader.
Leadership moves people doing things they are not paid for yet.
Today's common problem: The focus on results and projects, more than on people and their humanity.
Leadership brings people together.
Leaders think in advance.
Leaders read people more than books.
Church leaders need to pray more than they lead.
Everything what you do is Leadership, if you are OK being number 2 from time to time.
You can´t learn leadership from books. You learn it by following.
If people love you, they will listen. If people trust you, they will follow.
Leadership is simple, if the leaders starts to serve first.
Leadership means welcoming the truth, that there might be a more skilled one than you.
Age in just a number. It carries no weight. The real weight is in impacts. The truth is that you can do it at any age. Get up and be willing to leave a mark.
You don’t influence people by commanding them. When you are doing that, you are a manipulator and not a leader.
Just as you won’t enjoy the fruits of the tree you dislike, so you won’t even wait to learn from people you hate.
You can decide to refuse to allow people who aim at hating you to achieve their aims.
I love people, that´s why I win. If you love people, you win.
Younger managers learn quickly that, whatever the public protestations to the contrary, bosses generally want pliable and agreeable subordinates, especially during periods of crisis. Clique leaders want dependable, loyal allies. Thos who regularly raise objections to what a boss or a clique leader really desires run the risk of being considered problems themselves and of being labeled "outspoken," or "nonconstructive," or "doomsayers," "naysayers," or "crepehangers.
The manager comes to see all relationships with others by a strict utilitarian calculus and, insofar as he dares, breaks friendships and alliances accordingly.
The most feared situation is to end up inadvertently in the wrong place at the wrong time and get blamed. Yet this is exactly what happens in a structure that systematically diffuses responsibility. It is because managers fear blame-time that they diffuse responsibility; however such a diffusion inevitably means that someone, somewhere is going to become a scapegoat when things go wrong.
My first grade nun had instructed me that from those to whom much is given, much is expected. I was learning that this lesson had to be combined with Shakespeare's wisdom that one must 'to thine own self be true.' Add to this humility, empathy, a sense of curiosity, courage, and plain old hard work, and I was finally seeing the real path to leadership. Of course, humor is always a plus. (158)
Leadership is fundamentally about credibility.
We thrive when we are pulled by the future, not pushed by the past.
Despite the continual rise of the knowledge worker over the last 60 years, we haven’t done enough to question “how we’ve always done things” and redefine effectiveness in organizations.
More than a phone call or likes on facebook - Leadership
The place where "me & I" does not exist - Leadership
Leadership, a daily development.
I am not afraid of how the LGTB community reacts on Christians, but how Christians react back.
Leadership: In love with the team, not the spotlights.
Leadership, where happiness and work works.
Having and understanding of the 'why' will help having an understanding of the 'how'.
To lead solely on the behalf of those being led is the utter pinnacle of fatherhood, and it is sad that so few ever stand on the summit.
One of the first things you learn as a leader, whether you choose the position of have it forced upon you, is that leadership is as much about what you don't say as what you do say.
Before you follow somebody, ask whom is he following.
Leadership gives more than it can receive.
90% of our Leadership happens when we do not speak.
You can't be richer than your trust in your partners.
Look forward to be a learner. The leader comes along.
Too many train their speaking than their listening.
You can't build bigger businesses than your level of leadership.
Leaders lead by serving.
Love is the surprising emotion that company builders cannot ignore.
Sacrifice everything that is yours, to call up the humans in others.
O my mighty sisters and brothers, forget not that the ideal of humanity is the search of truth. In this pursuit, countless souls have sacrificed themselves in the past. And in this pursuit, countless more shall need to sacrifice themselves.
Arise O lion-heart! Awake, O great soldier! Misery has come upon the world. It is wailing for help. It is wailing for redemption. Won’t you do anything, my friend!
Caring and a sense of purpose evoke better performance than pressure and fear. The idea that only obsessive egomaniacs can produce breakthroughs is nonsense.
Commerce does not have to be a ruthless, brutal enterprise that damages people’s lives. It can be a source of happiness, healing, and hope.
Lovability — the capacity to earn genuine, heartfelt love and loyalty from customers — is the secret ingredient that propels a select few organizations ahead and leads not only to consistent growth and profitability but sustainable happiness for everyone involved.
Lovable products, services, and companies are disrupting entire industries. They are changing the world.
Leaders are made to be rivers not reservoirs.
Self- reliance is the greatest of all virtues my friend.
The difference between a boss and a leader: a boss says, 'Go!' – a leader says, 'Let's go!
What counts that we’re not counting?
Facts and intuition are false opposites.Leaders should listen to their intuition and instincts and allow others to do the same because they are sub-conscious, fast ways of processing, aggregating and then accessing evidence to reach a swift conclusion.Trust your gut.
Self is All. (First Principle of Humanism)
Mark you, no Krishna can clear your eyes and make you look with a broader vision upon life in your march upward and onward, until the Self within you morphs into Krishna – until the Self morphs into Buddha – until the Self turns into Christ.
Only you can save yourself.
You can't dominate a network with old-style leadership.But, you can emerge, with the network's consent, as one of its leaders, regardless of your formal position or job title.
There is an interplay between great leadership, events, trends, the organization, the people in it, the market 'out there' that goes far beyond one person exercising their will over others. That's not what leadership is any more.
Every leader attracts a different type of follower from the left or the right, from the lowest or the highest class. Every leader unwittingly attracts certain stereotypes that fuel their underlying agenda.
The reason most of your staff are asleep and disengaged, is because you have boring, and bully managers, and no REAL Leaders to inspire and unleash potential.
To ENSURE greater success, celebrate your progess daily.
All leaders need to ask questions, but they also need to assist in providing answers, to bridge the gap between questions and answers.
Having a title only doesn’t make one a leader; talented people without a title don’t follow blindly, they practice leadership via influence.
Unless we immediately move to supporting People, Planet and Profit, we will never be able to reverse the tipping-point of no return. Business is abusing our natural resources, just for greater greedership. This will leave little for future generations.
Fear based mindsets see challenges as problems, that are dangerous and impossible. Courageous Mindsets see problems as challenges, that are possible and exciting.
Impossible is a perception based upon a limiting mental illusion. Possible is the belief in the potential of unseen possibility,
REAL success, satisfaction and joy has nothing to do with owning STUFF!
The right mindset is the most powerful force we can use to positively change the world.
Courage is the belief in self, and the possible ability to prevail in the face of adversity.
From a leadership perspective, the liking has to be qualified and be able to garner respect.
To go from Bitter to BETTER, means you need to turn your I onto an E, by embracing WE.
Developing ALL staff to their fullest potential, on a daily basis, is the most powerful and humane approach, to building a high-performance organisation, that positively changes the world.
Bad Culture is the contaminated oxygen your staff breath, as they get indoctrinated by your limiting context.
Culture is the constant constraint that controls creativity, commitment, collaboration, and cohesion.
REAL Leadership is the building of belief, that activates and aligns the full potential, for a meaningful cause
Appreciation and recognition are qualities that most leaders forget, but desperately need, to build a positive, passionate and engaged workplace.
A Culture of clear consistent communication and connection is the foundation of a high performance team that thrives and flourishes.
High Performance Teams create cultures of caring, connection, commitment, collaboration and clear consistent communication
Your UNconscious mind has more power, influence and control over your thoughts, feelings, decisions, and choices, than your conscious mind.
Most people are interested in success, but not COMMITTED to success, which is why 85%+ of people seldom achieve their desired level of success.
Limitless Leadership is the secret ingredient that helps common people, create high performance teams, that achieve outstanding and uncommon results.
Hope is the spotlight that shines on the mine fields of possibility
A High Performance team requires people with High Performance Mindsets, with relevant competence, committed and balanced communication, to a meaningful and challenging goal.
Your influence on others is your net worth, treat it as such.
There is too much negativity in the world. Do your best to make sure you aren't contributing to it.
empty out the toxins of life to avoid clogging
The answer is always "No" until you ask. - Ref James 4:2
Even the gloss of a Leader guides his followers, Leader creates ideas and followers follow them, that's why he is so satisfied & calm that his ideologies inspire even those who are against him, he sits aside and watches the spectacle of his followers. After all there is nothing wrong in all this because he knows that he is becoming the source for many to change their state of mind, passion and philosophy. Some are true followers they will learn and win some are Malevolent they will not .....Choice is always there ...
If a leader wants his people to do something, he himself must firstly do it!
The two fundamental skills of any leader are creativity and initiative. Creativity to find solutions and initiative to take action on them.
Be a leader you would follow.
Strategize yearly, plan quarterly, examine monthly, reflect weekly, act daily, and live #intentionally.
I've failed over and over but I get back up stronger, better, and bolder. It's the only way I know and want to live.
Whom the society deems worthless, once they discover their special inclination, it will change the very course of their lives as well as the shape of the very society that distastes them.
Help does not come from anywhere outside - it comes only from within ourselves.
In order to master the ability to lead, develop and deliver innovation at speed systematically, you must challenge your assumptions and expectations that influence your actions.
Awake, O brave one! Arise, O lion-heart! Be the messenger that spreads compassion.
When we do not fully and equally represent the masculine and the feminine in church and civic leadership, we cannot represent the human experience or Jesus.
When you’re faced with a choice, choose to inspire, choose to empower, choose to stand for those who have lost the will to stand for themselves.
Engage the whole community with a common purpose to build an innovative and sustainable enterprise.
A powerful leader, like a conductor, need not say a word for his message to be communicated.
So imagine that fans of our products or services no longer simply consume and use them. Now we are creating a new opportunity for them to both participate directly in the development of the products but also benefit from a share of the profits too.
I see entrepreneurship, like many other activities, as a type of mission. A mission by which we can provide better life chances and quality for both our current and future generations.
Good leaders inspire people to have confidence in their leader. Great leaders inspire people to have confidence in themselves.
No matter how much you water the ground, if the ground holds no seed then no plant is coming out. Don’t expect the plant to come out unless you have sown the seed
Great leadership is a reflection of honest service
Excellence doesn’t come by obeying doctrines. Excellence comes through recognizing the flaws in the prevailing doctrines of the society and throwing them away if necessary in the path of progress.
You send a message by what you say and what you do. If words aren’t supported with consistent actions, they will ring hollow.
The spotlight does not change a person, it simply reveals what one has mastered in the darkness
I am sorry, I was wrong and it’s my fault, these are words only accustomed to humble leadership
The first follower is what transforms a lone nut into a leader." - Quoting Derek Sivers
Leadership is the art of accomplishing more than the science of management says is possible.
A value-added step in a process is defined by three characteristics. First, the step must be something that the customer is willing to pay for. Second, the step must directly change the form, fit, or function of something to produce a product or service. The final characteristic of a value-added step is that it is so important that it must be done right every time to successfully produce the intended product or service.
When you master the basics, and execute them well, there’s no need to worry about the score.
It is the sensitive people in any organization that become aware of the need to discover the acceptable "middle" ground between "profit only" and "people only" and act accordingly.
When you feel that others are lacking and failing ....first assess the skill, style, quality, results, mindset, support, professionalism and spirit with which you yourself play the game.
Many great leaders understand intuitively that they need to work hard to create a sense of safety in others. In this way, great leaders are often humble leaders, thereby reducing the status threat. Great leaders provide clear expectations and talk a lot about the future, helping to increase certainty. Great leaders let others take charge and make decisions, increasing autonomy. Great leaders often have a strong presence, which comes from working hard to be authentic and real with other people, to create a sense of relatedness. And great leaders keep their promises, taking care to be perceived as fair.
To create oneself as a Leader the foundation of Integrity must be laid, built with character and aspirations of greatness
Think of strength, dream of strength, live of strength.
Marketing without sales is dead.
Tethered to our smart phones, we are too caught up and distracted to take the time necessary to sort through complexity or to locate submerged purpose . In our urgent rush to get "there," we are going everywhere but being nowhere. Far too busy managing with transactive speed, we rarely step back to lead with transformative significance.
We stand at an immense fork in the raod. One way is the path of generosity, dignity and a respect for other races and customs; the other leads most certainly to greed, suspicion, hatered and the old, bloody course of violence and waste - and now, God help us, to the very destruction of all the struggles and triumphs of the human race on this earth. My old friends and fellow townsmen: which will it be?
Great leaders are most often God’s spokesmen.
Courageous people know that saying ‘no’ to one idea enables them to say ‘yes’ to another.
His request to those listening was to start every day knowing that each minute lost is one that they will never get back and use that thought to drive them forward. This is what resonates most with this writer about our beloved Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid, he is a force of positive energy that the world is in dire need of. Therefore, when people ponder about what it is that makes the government of the United Arab Emirates different one can safely reach the conclusion that, Mohammed Bin Rashid is the difference.
Real leaders focus resources in areas that provide the greatest opportunity rather than making across-the-board decisions.
Parishes that have learned to develop a culture of continual invitation to leadership, training, and growth in responsibility for their members are predisposed to ongoing health and growth when pastor transitions occur
A fool can't help but be a fool, but when others follow, he makes a fool of us all.
Every posting, message, or email creates an impression, a public persona, from which other people make judgments. We make judgments about others, but how often do we turn that critical analysis on ourselves?
Character – the inner world of motives and values that shapes our actions – is the ultimate determiner of the nature of our leadership. It empowers our capacities while keeping them in check. It distinguishes those who steward power well from those who abuse power. Character weaves such values as integrity, honesty, and selfless service into the fabric of our lives, organizations, and cultures.
Rephrase the words "staff members" into team members. Because the people in our team are far more than employees, or colleagues. We are a unit!
For every opinion, there is an equal and opposite opinion.
You are always a gardener. What grow - and how it grows - is up to you.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law...Do you understand the rights I have just read to you? With these rights in mind, do you wish to speak to me?” Most Americans adults have heard the Miranda rights from countless television and movie crime drams. The first statement of the Miranda rights is a simple but powerful declarative sentence. “You have the right to remain silent.” Not speaking will not be held against you, but the suspect is told that any words spoken “can and will be used against you in a court of law.” U.S. law provides the opportunity for reflection and protection against self-incrimination with the last sentence asking, “Do you wish to speak to me?” Reflect and ask yourself, it is wise to post or send an email containing that information?
An organization's proprietary, internal information is constrained only by an understanding that stake-holders will keep organizational matters within the organization.
A damaging email forwarded outside the organization is indicative of problems within the organization.
The written word imparts a gravitas the spoken word lacks. The underlying assumption is that time and thought has been expended on what was written, even if that is not the case.
A car crash at seventy-five miles an hour results in glass and steel strewn about the roadway. Emergency workers attend to the injured drivers, passengers and bystanders, and remove the wreckage. An electronic communication wreck lacks the visual drama, but imparts damage just as real and just as permanent. A momentary lapse in judgment may prove catastrophic for the writer, their family, coworkers, and stakeholders.
Emails, texts and social media promise the writer the power to be heard…In a society where relinquishing control is viewed as weakness, power is relinquished through every message sent without forethought to the potential consequences.
In the Darwinian environment of business, one's most provocative words are naturally selected by competitors to be hurled back at them at the most inopportune moments. Do not arm your adversaries.
It is better to apologise later than to ask for permission now. It is called self leadership
Neither inherently good nor evil, electronic communication platforms are 100 percent dependent on user input.
...as we proceed to higher and higher levels of expertise, and as the stakes get higher and higher, the agonies of excellence reappear in new and frightening ways. A tiny minority gets through to the top, to memorable excellence or profound understanding. The rest of us stop at stages along the way, perhaps for a temporary rest, perhaps for a period of reassessment. But once we stop, we are unlikely to start up again. Security is suddenly far sweeter than enterprise. The sufferings of the ascent, so long endured by insuppressible aspiration, suddenly seem pointless.
To be fully in service to something one has experienced as real is the essence of leadership in a nonhierarchical age. A leader is the holder of a story, someone whose experience of its reality is deep enough so that she can hold the belief on behalf of others.
They'll tell you who they think you should be they'll even try to manipulate you into believing it but let me tell you something son, if I listened to who I was supposed to be - this, everything we are and do wouldn't be in existence. Be a leader, find yourself and make a life with it. Those who judge you and try to force the patterns of their beliefs onto you are envious they haven't the strength in themselves to do the same.
Reputation is what others perceive you as being, and their opinion may be right or wrong. Character, however, is what you really are, and nobody knows that but you.
You are always a gardener. What grows - and how it grows - is up to you.
One reason I continue to oppose efforts to criminalize abortion is that I do not believe any government should have the power to dictate, through law or police action, a woman's most personal decisions.""I consider that a slippery slope to state control of reproduction, and I'd witnessed the consequences of such control in China and Communist Romania.
I don't need to be vocal about my intentions, I am just intentional about my actions.
Once a message has been sent electronically, the writer has ceded power not just to the recipient, but to whomever the recipient chooses to forward the information. To access electronic communication is to control it. The recipient, not the writer, has power over future dissemination of the writer’s words.
Clear direction leads to clear results
Generous leaders are servant leaders. They always come with open hands and an open heart.
The most attractive thing about you should have less to do with your face or body and more to do with your attitude and how you treat people.
You Are At Different Levels With Different People.
Never embrace a version of the gospel that doesn't require you to do life with someone who isn't like you.
Leadership isn't just about giving orders. A fool can give orders. A leader listens. He changes his mind. He acknowledges mistakes.
LOVE is Leadership through Optimism, Value, and Endurance.
Leadership is not only about producing results or measuring success with statistics. Leadership is doing something with significance that makes families, organizations, societies, nations, and the world a better place before you die.
LEGACY plays an important role in defining a good leader at any age.
Mr Mandela, who had given his whole life for justice and had never once thought of himself. How unlike these people were modern politicians, who thought only of power and tricks.
Though sometimes you must have an unstoppable courage, it must be with a well defined humility for purposeful living! Humility is not just good for our lives; it also greatly saves our lives, integrity and true purpose! Don’t just think you are on top of the world just because you stand on the tallest building. When the building collapses, you may be far worse than they that walk besides the building who can run away upon seeing it collapsing!
You are responsible for everything you TWEET and RETWEET.
No institution can become the cradle of leadership, until its teachers break their manacles of rugged dogmas.
I wrote Beyond The Label to open up the aperture through which we look at the world. I want us to reconsider what it means to be a woman, a mentor, a wife, a mother.
Good leaders are always in the “act” of leading. They listen as much to others as they listen to themselves.
Allowing yourself to follow the crevices of your heart lines is a messy process and not easy to characterize or rationalize into neat and tidy lists and boxes.
This book is for those of you who are tired of trying to squeeze into constrained categories, who long for a life without limits on who you are or who you will become.
The underlying issue in getting women to top positions is what kind of leadership we value and how we teach, assess, and promote “good” leaders in all organizations.
Be bold in pursuing what others believe is unrealistic because this will achieve more than being bland and unimaginative.
When your leadership and legacy are built on love, obstacles are overcome through love’s fruit of optimism, foundations are built solid and secure in love’s values, and success is achieved through the strength found in love’s endurance.
The more you've struggled, the more inspiring your story will be when you come out the other side. Do not give up. Today's struggle brings tomorrow's wisdom.
When you accept a leadership role, you take on extra responsibility for your actions toward others. If you shun someone, the effect will trickle down through those who value your opinion.
The main tenet of design thinking is empathy for the people you're trying to design for. Leadership is exactly the same thing - building empathy for the people that you're entrusted to help.
Maybe he wasn’t there to lead so much as to provide an illusion to the others that they were being led.
Leadership is all about leading your life with a cause greater than yourself and continuously doing self-development.
Fair-minded people earn the respect of their colleagues rather than demanding it.
Relational congruence is the ability to be fundamentally the same person with the same values in every relationship, in every circumstance and especially amidst crisis. It is the internal capacity to keep promises to God, to self and to one's relationships that consistently express one's identity and values in spiritually and emotionally healthy ways. Relational congruence is about both constancy and care at the same time. It is about both character and affection, and self-knowledge and authentic self-expression. Relational congruence is the leader's ability to cultivate strong, healthy, caring relationships; maintaining healthy boundaries; and communicating clear expectations, all while staying focused on the mission.
Those who criticize the innovative concept of multi-site churches must also remember that at one point stained glass and hymnals were new as well.
You can’t lead without love, and more importantly, you can’t leave a legacy without love.
...The happy Warrior... 'tis he whose law is reason; who depends upon that law as on the best of friends; whence, in a state where men are tempted still to evil for a guard against worse ill, and what in quality or act is best doth seldom on a right foundation rest, he labors good on good to fix, and owes to virtue every triumph that he knows: who, if he rise to station of command, rises by open means; and there will stand on honorable terms, or else retire, and in himself possess his own desire; who comprehends his trust, and to the same keeps faithful with a singleness of aim; and therefore does not stoop, nor lie in wait for wealth, or honors, or for worldly state; whom they must follow; on whose head must fall, like showers of manna, if they come at all:
Stop grovelling and start working.
You are born to build the society, not to follow it.
The world needs heroes. Be a hero and build your part of the world.
True Leaders take an Ordinary Person and turn them into an Extraordinary Performer.
You don't die when your body stops functioning. You die when your name is uttered for the last time in the world.
Throw away the newspapers. Discard all the useless debates and gossiping. Start working in silence. Start working on your passion. And make the news yourself.
Have patience and keep working. Everything will come alright in time.
Leadership without servanthood is like an ocean without water.
Innovative leaders today are digital conductors, problem-solvers, and culture influencers.
Innovative thinkers are explorers and synthesizers of new world views or future views of the world.
Diplomacy in leadership is winning the war on behalf of both sides
Courageous people know that old ways of doing things shouldn’t stand in the way of a better solution.
A true revolution is about making those who are comfortable with corruption, uncomfortable. It's about pointing your fingers in the right direction and with nothing but the truth, will come power. A power not to exploit the Liberian people. But an ability to restore liberty, justice, and prosperity for all." - Henry Johnson Jr
True leaders don't look at just the outward appearances in the selection of team members, they look at one's core values and heart.
...The happy Warrior... is he... whose powers shed round him in the common strife, or mild concerns of ordinary life, a constant influence, a peculiar grace; but who, if he be called upon to face some awful moment to which Heaven has joined great issues, good or bad for human kind, is happy as a lover; and attired with sudden brightness, like a man inspired; and, through the heat of conflict, keeps the law in calmness made, and sees what he foresaw; or if an unexpected call succeed, come when it will, is equal to the need: he who, though thus endued as with a sense and faculty for storm and turbulence, is yet a soul whose master-bias leans to homefelt pleasures and to gentle scenes; sweet images! which, wheresoe'er he be, are at his heart; and such fidelity it is his darling passion to approve; more brave for this, that he hath much to love:
A level 4 leader's greatest asset is his ability to engage, empower, and equip his people; this is what creates the momentum for a significant change in the organization. He invests 80% in his people and 20% in the process.
A journey to make real impact that changes lives, give meaning to life and living, and turns vision of the masses into realities demands a true focus, an utmost zeal and robustness and an unfailing tenacity to do whatever necessary within the powers and reach of a true leader, and with all needed dexterity, wit and wisdom, to make real impact have a meaning and give real liberation to the masses!
Simplicity is the language of leadership.
Sins of omission should be regarded as far more serious than sins of commission,
Telling people what to do is showmanship.Showing people how to do it is leadership.
Legacy is more than leaving possessions behind. It's about investing in people with passion and integrity through leadership and love.
You won this job because you were the best for the job. You are smart, quick to learn, and can quickly acquire any skill you might be lacking.
Mathematics is life: the workings (process) is more important than the answer (proof/product). A wrong process cannot make a right product.
[On action filled leadership] Telling your team what to do is showmanship.Showing people how to do it is leadership. Leading for the purpose of visual effect will not accomplish the vision.
Leadership does not always wear the harness of compromise.
Leadership is influencing others through modeling.
Entrepreneurial Leadership is where your vision, influence and creativity converge; it is where opportunities become limitless and your capabilities boundless.
Leadership is the art of intentional living.
True leadership is the orchestration of truth into action to shine Light into darkness.
I learned that when you can turn a presentation into a conversation, you have won the battle of converting a client; and second, I learned that the real Carla was my best competitive weapon and my key personal advantage.
When I give the best of me, that becomes my legacy.
People who repeatedly find career success learn to broaden their perspective and understand that there are always several roads to getting where you want to go.
Leaders don't assume. Assumptions are the termites of leadership. Communicate, communicate, and communicate, until you connect.
Leadership is the act of serving others and has no gender preference.
Men's Leadership Success Formula: Get up, Show up, Man up, Mentor up, and Move up!
The accumulation of non-obvious, ineffective, or misapplied actions leads to low productivity.
The problem is not lack of leadership, the problem is lack of good leadership
DONOVAN: Court’s a good leader. He doesn’t hold my hand or treat anyone like a child. He’s kicked a few *sses when guys went off script to make their own moves. Once he even scared the sh*t out of one of the older guys.
Serving is the best kind of Leading.
Leadership is the capacity to turn vision into reality.
He has the power to render us happy or unhappy, to make our service light or burdensome, a pleasure or a toil. Say that his power lies in words and looks, in things so slight and insignificant that it is impossible to add and count 'em up; what then? The happiness he gives is quite as great as if it cost a fortune.
The tragedy about history - personally and globally - is that while we may learn it we rarely learn from it.
In a world full of lions and tigers entertaining the masses, have you ever seen a wolf performing in a circus?
Be yourself! Don’t try to fabricate your personality in the guise of impressing others.
I must rule with eye and claw — as the hawk among lesser birds. - Duke Leto Atreides
No one can make you successful, the will to succeed comes from within
Tell them a lie big enough, they'll worship you as a sage. Tell them a truth big enough and they'll mock you.
Highly engaged teams have highly engaged leaders. Leaders must be about presence not productivity. Make meetings a no phone zone.
If you have a vision and there is no job title for it yet. That's a vision right there!
Your superpowers don't care who you dislike. If you are an encourager, you encourage them anyway
To use an analogy, the "leadership is the answer to everything" perspective is the modern equivalent of the, 'God is the answer to everything' perspective that held back our scientific understanding of the physical world in the Dark Ages. In the 1500's, people ascribed all events they didn't understand to God. Why did the crops fail? God did it. Why did we have an earthquake? God did it. What holds the planets in place? God. But with the Enlightenment, we began the search for a more scientific understanding - physics, chemistry, biology and so forth. Not that we become atheists, but we gained deeper understanding about how the universe ticks.Similarly, every time we attribute everything to 'Leadership," we're no different from the people in the 1500's. We're simply admitting our ignorance. Not that we should become leadership atheists (leadership does matter), but every time we throw our hands up in frustration - reverting back to "well, the answer must be Leadership!" - we prevent ourselves from gaining deeper, more scientific understanding about what makes great companies tick.
A leader without a team, is a car without steering wheel
I don't buy dreams, i buy actions
A real job can kill a real dream, chase your real dreams
A leader cannot fall prey to the whims of the voices that shout the loudest, but must stand as a voice of reason in defense of the silent.
A humble learner of today becomes a strong leader of tomorrow.
People of color are allowed, even required to perform, and, especially these days on issues of race, to edify as well. 'Here you are, now entertain us'. But are we allowed to lead?
Don't apologize for expressing passion.Don't back down when it comes to your integrity.Don't let anyone undermine your standards for the sake of ease.Be a character of excellence, NOT excuses.
Without the right succession planning put to play in human resources, we build for the future without a future
If your ministry can't work without you, then it is no longer Christ-centered. Minister toward Jesus, not yourself.
When quitting is done correctly, it isn't giving up - it's making room for something better.
Titles don’t mean anything. What really matters is the impact you make on a daily basis!
I'm not a follower. I'm a leader. And anyone who speaks their mind is always criticised.
Entitlement is such a cancer, because it is void of gratitude.
Our best-laid plans are often our worst-made decisions.
Ever since I was 12 years old, my mother have always taught me to learn to be a leader. To start learning now! When you have the time to take time to learn and have every chance to be mentored. Don't be ashamed to be high maintenance when it comes to development.
Ideas love speed
Neither care too much nor too little about the feedback of others.
You should lead and serve by example without a title because people will and should remember you by and for your actions and accomplishments for doing good not by your title or positions.
Someday” is a dangerous word.
Self-leadership is the most effective way to train leaders. How do you do that? Empower them to make decisions, you as a leader back them up and allow them to follow through
The goal of leadership is not to be likable or loved but to be proven trustworthy and respected.
Leaders bring things to conclusion, not necessarily consensus.
Pride does not only come with great responsibility. It is buy one get one free. Great responsibility will require great resourcefulness.
I choose not to fight against but to stand for. Not to go against but to go for.
Instead of thinking that you always need to do bigger things, learn to do the small things in better ways.
To believe in the possibilities of self is to unleash the power of the spirit quieted by doubt ~
As a leader, your main responsibility is to remove any barriers that stand in the way.
Success is the moment you realize that all you failed at created the masterpiece of your life.~
What separates those who build exceptional lives from others, is the way they use their time.
Professionalism shouldn't be defined by a persons paycheck, role or title. It should be defined by a persons work ethic
Only when we face the impossible, and experience the unbearable, do we find out who we truly are.
There is no greater suffering than constantly measuring yourself and coming up short, except perhaps the realization that your suffering is hurting others. But where do we learn these things? Because, really, they are learned. We don't come crying out of the womb because of our birth weight or because we have no money in this brand new world. We learn to measure and we learn to attach our self-worth to those measurements.These patterns we're stuck in aren't just painful for us, they're also distracting us. Every day, the gap between rich and poor grows while the people of developed societies do nothing, because we are too busy worrying about looking good. We're distracted, but not because we've chosen to be. Being distracted by our illusory inadequacy keeps us from changing the world. And believe me, we all have the power to change the world. If we only make the time. If we only free some head space.If you can't learn to love yourself for yourself (and how could you with such a paradoxical motivation?)... then do it for us. Do it for the world. We need you. We need your mind. We need your attention. We need your thoughts. Change your focus, and you will (not can, but will) change the world. You already matter. You just have to realize it for yourself.
A woman with vision is unstoppable, a woman who is always increasing her skills multiplies. Along with passion this woman is undeniable.
Control what you can. Influence what you should. Forget the rest.
A leader must stand up for his team even when he has to stand alone.
Communication is the real work of leadership.
Successful leaders leaders lead with passion and compassion.
Go on your way , use you brain , be innovative, achieve your dreams and don’t turn back, because you left so many envious people behind you !! …
Leaders are called upon to build not to repair.
As we look ahead into the future, leaders will be those who serve others, actively listen, and daily empower.
The ‘No Excuses’ mindset is not only composed of net worth, but also self worth and network.
The gravitas in a leader is like clarity in diamond.
Leadership is a choice. It is not a rank.
We go from most doubted to most respected with the right outlook and attitude to life.
At least half the job of CEO is communication - because of human nature. People fear what they don't know. If the board wasn't hearing that things were going well, they assumed that things must be going badly.
While you're worrying about becoming famous, there is someone out there putting in work and not wasting a second of their time. Which person will you be?
Speaking the unspeakable. As a leader, you need to not just listen to what’s being said, but more importantly, what's not being said.
Leadership is the day to day communications about the real issues.
Words and actions will separate a wise man from the crowd.
People will buy from you consistently for two reasons – because you have cultivated a relationship and because you have gotten them results.
Our capacity can grow or diminish, and either way, the results compound over time.
Let there be a child, who should,not be taught. Let there be a child, who should,be refrained from books. Let him not hear, don’t preach him, dear. Don’t let him read the quotations,on internet and make them his passion. Don’t tell him stories of successful,and make them his anthem.Allow him to grow unto what,he is to know.
The lack of truth in one's words and actions is manifested in the failed attempts at success. Without integrity, reinvention has no impact~
If you must walk in someone's shadow make sure it's your own
Reform is usually possible only once a sense of crisis takes hold.... In fact, crises are such valuable opportunities that a wise leader often prolongs a sense of emergency on purpose.
Digital leadership must be extremely visionary, mindful, creative, empathetic, generous, conscious, passionate, and humble.
Anybody who leads with hate, is not fit for leadership.
Character in leadership comes down to two questions: Would you trade places with anyone under your command? Do you hold yourself to the same level of accountability as those for whom you bear responsibility?
We have reached a time where we are suppressing talents in our communities with our common thinking.
The queer thing is that we do trust you," said Bodisham. "In spite of your -- extremism.""You'd better," said Rud with grim conviction. "I'm right. What is extremism? The whole truth and nothing but the truth. I ask you.""It's because of his extremism you trust him," said Chiffan. "It's because in the last resort we believe in his indiscretion, and know he won't fail us even if we fail ourselves. All leadership is extravagance. Extra-vagance. Going a bit ahead."Rud did not quite understand that. "It's because you know I'm right," he said."It's because," said Chiffan, letting his thoughts run away with him," to make a new world, the leader must be a fundamentally destructive man, a recklessly destructive man. He breaks his way through the jungle and we follow...We cannot do without you, Rud.
People who copy you will always be one step behind.
But how do you come ‘offline’ when so much of our daily lives is moving ‘online’? Every month new sites and online services are launched. If you need to check anything – about a new school for your children, medical treatment, tourist destination or recipe – you go online. Bill Gates put it so well when he called the Internet the ‘town square for the global village of tomorrow’.Could you spend a week or even a day without reading your emails, using social media or going online? Someone recently joked with me that having Internet access is more important than having food or water.
A true leader is the one who leaves memorable footprints of nobility. A leader who is decisive enough and have all the guts to take bold and frank decisions regardless of the oppositions and the temporal adverse effect of such decision on the masses, knowing that in the end, the fruits of such decision will be sweeter enough to put joy on the faces of the masses and they shall remember such noble footprints and ponder in humility.
You need a strategy to assume leadership, but only the character can sustain leaders as who they really are.
You do not need to be a millionaire to feel successful or be successful. Financial wealth is only one of many possible indicators of success. However, to achieve your dreams and life goals you’re going to need money. And making it requires financial planning and goalsetting. I do not know of any successful person who has been able to simply ignore their finances.
Being a person that others can trust is one of the most sought after qualities in the workplace today. So many leaders and their staff have shown in the recent global financial crisis a lack of trust and integrity amongst themselves and with their clients and other stakeholders.
We live in a world in which everything seems to needed now and working quickly is normally viewed as a positive attribute in the workplace...Do not let yourself become too frazzled and stressed by doing everything at high speed.As I have coached hundreds of individuals in the workplace, I have discovered that we waste precious time by delaying and procrastinating. We might know that the work is very urgent and important but we still might find ourselves being slow to start the task.
We cannot please all men but we can be a blessing to many.
WORSHIP IS ACTION.""Worship is not lazy, boring and sad.Worship is zealous, famous and joyful.
People before Profit.
Stop worrying about what you cannot control. It’s a total waste of your energy, energy that could otherwise be used to help you focus on what you can influence. I spend large parts of my coaching sessions helping people to sift through their challenges and concerns – helping them to determine what they can change and what they have no control over.
The most powerful way of being able to listen to your own intuition is by being silent. Find a quiet space, slow down and calm your mind. Your goal is to eliminate all that noise going through your head – all those thoughts that appear from nowhere.
Fundamentally, leadership is more about the future, but starts at today.
Success requires a focused attention of your time and energy. This is true no matter what you want to achieve – to change the world or simply change apartments. All success stories come down to one person having a focused aim – so focused at times it can look like an obsession.
Only those who do not practice sin can stand in the presence of the holy God." -"I NEVER KNEW YOU
WORSHIP IS ACTION.Worship is not lazy, boring and sad.Worship is zealous, famous and joyful.Psalm 66:1-2Shout joyfully to God, all the earth; Sing the glory of His name; Make His praise glorious.1 Corinthians 6:20For you have been bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body.Psalm 107:32Let them extol Him also in the congregation of the people, And praise Him at the seat of the elders.
Framing the right problem is equally or even more important than solving it.
A set of excellent questions themselves is perhaps like a poem, both philosophical and intellectual.
Vision is a future state of beings.
The art of questioning is to ignite innovative thinking; the science of questioning is to frame system thinking, with the progressive pursuit of better solutions.
Creative expansion cannot happen without vision.
Leadership is all about energy
Entrepreneurship is all about energy
Diversity is a very popular business topic today while the negative side of diversity, discrimination, remains a touchy and sensitive topic. Even in organisations which follow the letter of the law in terms of not discriminating against any individuals, it is common for people to show prejudice and bias...Have the courage to stand out from your colleagues by being very open to and comfortable with all kinds of diversity amongst your colleagues and stakeholders. When you sense someone is being ignored or marginalized spend time with them and bring them into discussions encouraging them to speak up as needed.
True empathy is not about waiting to understand another person; it is about proactively seeking to do so. It takes effort to give another person your full time and attention; to ask others how they are feeling and if they coping well with things. And don’t overlook those closest to you. Never take anyone for granted. Avoid being too preoccupied to sit down and talk with your children, partners and colleagues.
Don't sabotage your energy, focus on expanding your energy bubble.
A truly successful life is one filled with friends so it helps if people like being around you. If you suspect they don’t, have a think about how strongly you exhibit ‘likeable’ qualities such as listening well, being trustworthy, kind, generous, compassionate, fun, positive and unselfish. The good news is that you can learn such qualities even if they don’t come naturally to you.
It's all about energy
To lead people, you must follow behind.
It is not blindly pushing your own agenda that will enrich the world. It’s is your ability and willingness to understand, appreciate, anticipate, address, serve and support the lives of others that will.
Unless they're utterly heartless, people put a certain value on human life. It keeps us from killing each other off for no reason. But for leaders like you and me, a moral high ground is too absolute. There are choices to be made.
Success is a process, not an event.
Rhetorical question: Did you get to where you are by accepting the status quo?I didn't.
If you keep people down so they dont become better than you, you gotta stay there to keep them down so you dont progress yourself.What kind of wahala (Suffering) is that ?Leave them to progress so you can expand.
Authenticity is the most fundamental, but challenging attribute for leadership.
True leadership is about pulling forth the gold in everyone and believing in people before they deserve it.
Move away from the mid-set that the fulfillment of the organization's mission, vision, and strategic plan is only the work of leaders.
It takes healthy, resilient leaders and employees to achieve great results.
Business should never be merely transactional -it should be transformational
By leading ourselves effectively, we can learn to lead others as a whole person: mind, body, and spirit.
Too many leaders assume that the role of leadership is to control.
You don't need a title to be a leader, and having a title doesn't make you one.
Leadership view is multidimensional with the full spectrum of colors.
In the world of business, being slow is a losing move.
A business that is not growing after all, is dying.
Innovative leadership is essentially anchored on the leader’s overall multifaceted resourcefulness and multidimensional competencies.
Leaders live by reality and not by assumptions!
Want to change the world? Get creative and solve problems. The world has too many factory workers and too few problem solvers.
Money is not the result, but the BYPRODUCT, of your good leadership.
Match your talent with integrity, or your talent might take you places where you lose control, and fall from grace.
God’s discipline has nothing to do with rejection but more to do with refinement.
Achieving your goal is greatExceeding your goal is exceptionalExceeding your goal and teaching others is Leadership
We recognize authority based on whether we feel we could attain authority by the rules by which the authority was obtained.
Sometimes command means letting those under you do their jobd
Sometimes command means letting those under you do their job
The defining qualities that will distinguish great leaders from the rest are stemmed from the mindset level.
Gratitude was never a noun; it's secretly a verb. It is not a place you accept defeat, settle in for broken dreams or call it the best life will get. Gratitude is getting out of laziness, self pity, denial and insecurity, in order to walk through that door God has been holding open for you this entire time.
Choose a leader who will build bridges - not walls. A leader who will promote peace - not wars. A leader who believes in equality - not discrimination. A leader who is transparent - not secretive. A leader who will speak for all - not just animals.
Money will make a leader turn a blind eye to injustice.
A leader is a lamp not just a sign board.
Which do you want to be: a proficient manager or a Leader of Character? The first creates compliant employees. The second leads committed followers!
Becoming a Leader of Character changes lives—our lives and the lives of the people we touch.
Leader of Character: someone who uses influence to achieve a moral or ethical goal.
We cannot keep on blaming the past leaders about the present circumstances. We need to be mindful that if we do nothing to improve the present circumstances, our children will also blame us in the future.
Authentic leadership is leadership that endures, because it exists as a function of the individual rather than a crowd of borrowed opinions.
Relinquish what you once believedwas your success limitation.Create and place your focus onwhat you want to be manifestedin your life and begin your journey.There are blessings of abundance awaiting your acceptance
leaders don't watch but make things happen-initiate change
The thing with life is that it is transitional. As such, one day, we will wake up to realise that the likes of IBB, OBJ, GEJ, PMB, FFK, LAI LAI, etc are no longer with us and can no longer manipulate or control the affairs of Nigeria.One day, you and I would become responsible for the affairs of this country in many varying capacities. Some as state leaders, others national, while some others would man ASSU, NLC, NUT etc.Truly, should the generation after us be hopeful? Hopeful that we will turn the corner for their sake?Think about it. Are you ready to lead the way?
He has led us in here against our fears, but he will lead us out again, at whatever cost to himself.
Leadership isn't about winning. It's about bringing people with you to the finish line.
The surest way to damage society is to call for a "great man" to lead it. The surest way to improve society is to become a great man to lead oneself and convince others to do likewise.
I'm sick and tired of it," he said, "It's the same all the time. 'These are my claws, so this is my cowslip." 'These are my teeth, so this is my burrow.' I'll tell you, if I ever get into the Owsla, I'll treat outskirters with a bit of decency.
Every growth on this planet is at the cost of loss to some one. No one can deny it or proove it wrong.
To liberate yourself from your own self-judgment is to liberate others from it as well. To love yourself is an act of love for the world.
Real power, is the power that empowers without corruption
To the degree you experience a love deficit you will also manifest a leadership deficit.
If your leadership is truly grounded in love, you’ll always land in the category of a good leader.
Love is where leadership begins.
Loving leaders allow for individuality in style and expression.
Paradoxes are what draws Wisdom like bees to honey! Hence, where there is no paradox (Complexity), there is no need for Wisdom....
There is a thin line of difference in being courageous and foolish!
Leadership always benefits the greater good.
A code is like love, it has created with clear intentions at the beginning, but it can get complicated.
Be Practical." That's probably the most stupid piece of advice I've ever received in my life.
Success for me hasn't been about individual success. It's about the success of all those young boys and girls who I have the honor of working with.
Very often we sit back thinking good things will happen, knowing that good things take time and hoping that someone else will do it. The world needs us!
I know I could’ve been on the other side of the line too. I refuse to accept injustice and inequality because I know it can be against any one of us, our brothers and sisters and friends and family. I know it’s personal. I know this is our only chance, our only planet, our only shot. And, I know this is my brick.
I would follow such beauty, said something inside Ender. I would see as those eyes see.
When a change management fails, leadership change is brought in. A leadership change will always bring in change management
Management is the kitchen that produces a delicious meal, where Leadership is the Chef hooked by a purpose across the canyon of risks that adds the fragrance and taste to make it go beyond expectations.
Leadership is about movement and growth.
Good leaders make heroes of others.
The test of leadership is, is anything or anyone better because of you?
I don't want to be rich and famous but I want to die knowing I stood infront of a broken man and gave him one reason to smile again.
You can continue to cry over the same pain & complain about the same situations or you can expand your mind and you can grow. Maybe im not alone when I say, sometimes we all get a little confused and feel like we owe it to the people and places to try harder when in reality, most of the time lessons become lifelong if we don't learn the art of peaceful detachment early in the game.
A leader must be a good listener. He must be willing to take counsel. He must show a genuine concern and love for those under his stewardship.
All greatness of character is dependent on individuality. The man who has no other existence than that which he partakes in common with all around him, will never have any other than any existence of mediocrity.
Those leaders who fail, lack the capability to resonate their idea & thoughts
Progress has a steep price. Success has an even steeper price. Your team won't be willing to pay it if you aren't willing to pay it.
You can chase a bird from your porch, but you can not take away its ability to fly.
Two types of leaders: there are thinkers and there are doers. Some are idea generators and others are the implementers.
The person of creatures is living, the purpose of living is service, a service that implants legacy.
Cooler heads prevail while things spin completely out of control.
My father taught me how to understand and be sensitive to others, which is probably the most critical aspect of leadership. Without it you are only a manager.
When people respect someone as a person, they admire her. When they respect her as a friend, they love her. When they respect her as a leader, they follow her.
Unlike temporal leadership, in which violence and death often proliferate, Christ’s rule signifies reunion between predator and prey, malefactors and innocents.
Spiritual authority is the direct result of God doing a greater work in the deeper areas of a leader’s life.
Behind every successful innovation, was a presentation in a closed room
Unless people are convinced about what you are asking them to do, they are not going to make it happen.
Leadership is the ability to help people and organizations surpass themselves.
Be the leader, not the boss.
In the midst of desert, I found there was, within me, a beautiful lake. In the midst of night, I found there was, within me, an unbeatable morning.I realize through it all, that …No matter how difficult the challenges are, within me, there is a force that wants me to push back. The force wants me to live my personal legend there is no matter what.May the Force be with me … and with you.
The Leader who grows his team not just in numbers but by nurturing the roots of their success,has planted a field of dreams
What are you doing for others is the ultimate end of true leadership.
Cash flow never comes from making people redundant.
People cannot be managed or led, people are inspired. Think leadership again if you disagree.
In leadership, skills may take you where character won't keep you.
Leadership amongst the crowd is often the one who has the least to gain and the most to offer......-bns
A great leader has to be flexible, holding his ground on the major principles but finding room for compromises that can bring people together. A great leader has to be savvy at negotiations so we don't drown every bill in pork barrel bridges to nowhere. I know how to stand my ground — but I also know that Republicans and Democrats need to find common ground to stand on as well.
Dream without fear, love without limits, and let your life sing its song.
The people with ideas have no power and the people with power have no ideas.
Reading is one of the most common habit among the most successful people.
Channeled correctly and integrated properly, our diversity can be our greatest strength.
That’s the bittersweet joy of ministry. We see people healed, and then we watch them move on in victory. Sometimes, it means saying goodbye. We must learn to celebrate as our fledgling birds spread their wings and fly into freedom, even if that flight pattern takes them far away from us.
You can take the minister out of the pulpit, but you can’t take the ministry out of the minister.
Clarity leads to attention and attention leads to results.
So don't look over your shoulder or let fear and anxiety rule you. Go for broke. Let passion blaze your trail. Look ahead and pursue the dream that fits who you are as a person and a manager. Learn what you can, but don't get bogged down--in today's world, there's so much to know that learning can actually take the place of action and hold you back. Learn enough, then trust your gut and act. Be bold--or crazy--enough not to hold back. Take advantage of the freedom to be your own person. When the game is over, regardless of the score, you'll revel in what you've done.
Anyone can follow a crowd.It's the leader that follows the facts.
All good leaders are optimists. They always see opportunity where others see hardship
Ever since I became an executive producer of 30 Rock, people have asked me, 'Is it hard for you, being the boss?' And, 'Is it uncomfortable for you to be the person in charge?' You know, in that same way they say, 'Gosh, Mr. Trump, is it awkward for you to be the boss of all these people?
When leaders lead in ways that people’s brains can follow, good results follow as well.
The quickest way a person can defame your character is by taking something you said out of context. But Fear Not. Everyone that was ever Anyone always had their words taken out of context. If you can't handle having your words twisted up, then leadership is not for you. Leadership is reserved for the ‪#‎BRAVE‬.
When you make up your mind that you want to be Great, you have to learn about the Great people of the past, the Great people who changed the world, and the Great people of each respective category of absolutely everything you can think of. You have to saturate your mind in greatness. You literally have to get a degree in it. Greatness is a journey into those who have come before you. ‪
As a leader, you are always going to get a combination of two things: What you create and What you allow.
Whatever you do, do with integrity. Wherever you go, go as a leader. Have courage to lead. Whenever you serve serve with caring. Whenever you dream, dream with your all. And innovate, never give up. ~Curt Carlson, America's Richest Families: A Forbes Compendium Of Stories Since 1977
Stop praying that God should make you a leader if you are not ready to do hard work.
The first thing that has to be recognized is that one cannot train someone to be passionate--it's either in their DNA or it's not.
Every leadership role has a character driving force that will fulfill or decimate the ultimate purpose of the role.
HOW TO CHOOSE A GREAT LEADERChoose a leader who will invest in Building bridges, not walls.Books, not weapons.Morality, not corruption.Intellectualism and wisdom, not ignorance.Stability, not fear and terror.Peace, not chaos.Love, not hate.Convergence, not segregation.Tolerance, not discrimination.Fairness, not hypocrisy.Substance, not superficiality.Character, not immaturity.Transparency, not secrecy.Justice, not lawlessness.Environmental improvement and preservation, not destruction.Truth, not lies.
The body fades. A leader who would last relies on more.
A good leader doesn’t have to know everything. Nobody knows everything that’s why you surround yourself with people who are experts in different areas.“That’s what makes a good leader.
Effective leadership is doing important things first. Effective management is knowing what is important.
Great leaders live and leave noble and indelible footprints. Any leader can start something. Any leader can do anything but, the real hallmark and a great measure of a great leader is not necessarily what happens now but, what happens later. The noble works of a true and a great leader stand the test of time and never vanish with time.
... I believe that he will prosper most whose mode of acting best adapts itself to the character of the times; and conversely that he will be unprosperous, with whose mode of acting the times do not accord.
If you cannot lead, do not mislead.
To be a real leader, serve with love.
In the end, every startup is different. But in the beginning every startup is the same.
Commitment precedes success. What you are committed to doing you will be successful at doing.
Our real problem is not the pervasiveness of the darkness but a failure of the light. Light always dispels darkness. The glorious light of the resurrection life of Jesus Christ is still sufficient and available to those who reject self-reliance and return to His plan for biblical leadership. This return can reignite the radiance of the Gospel in transforming power.
Great companies don`t hire skilled people and motivate them, they hire already motivated people and inspire them. People are either motivated or they are not. Unless you give motivated people something to believe in, something better than their job to work toward, they will motivate themselves to find a new job and you`ll be stuck with whoever`s left.
Statecraft and kingship were not for the faint of heart
Every time we decide to use our power to influence others, particularly if we`re gleeful and hasty, we damage the relationship. We move from enjoying a healthy partnership based on trust and mutual respect to establishing a police state that requires constant monitoring.
Leaders are made when people discover and express their own authority. This is the powerful message of this book (Ascent: A Practising Managers Growth Mantra), spoken with honest insight by a man who has been there and done it himself. I know—Amit Chatterjee has been a student, colleague, and correspondent of mine for many years and now, with this book, he becomes my teacher too.
We have good leadership only by chance, not by management.And we need to change that!
Don't be sad that one day or another you met someone who undermined your capabilities and sapped your energy, what that person did could be the strongest crucible that forged a great leader
Leadership is not the loudest roar that creates change it is the consistent whisper that challenges your fears and inspires your magnificence
You must not wait to be elected into office, before you begin to serve. Begin to serve every where you are; in the home, community, school, university, work, hospital, church, market, society, nation and among many other places.
Leaders must served and not to be served as demonstrated by Jesus Christ, the Saviour.
Just because you can't act EVERYWHERE doesn't mean you don't act ANYWHERE. – Madeleine Albright
Phronesis is a beautiful virtue, practise it and you shall reap the rewards…
As much as Henry Kissinger wanted to attribute historical movement to impersonal forces, he too conceded to "the difference personalities make".
No true individual has existed yet, able to live, able to die. Only diseased, tragic, or dismal and ludicrous fools who sometimes hoped to achieve some ideal by fiat, by their great desire for it. But usually by bullying all mankind into believing them.
Our generation of women is clearing the path for our daughters, granddaughters, women and girls down the line, to be safe to be the woman or girl they are.
A hunt leader could not show fear, or let it linger in his stomach, for others would sense it soon enough, taste that fear and become possessed by it. They would hesitate when an order was given, and uncertainty would claim their life as readily as the blade of the enemy.
He listened to their opinions, stated his own, and supported them with reasons; and from his being constantly occupied with such meditations, it resulted, that when in command no complication could ever present itself with which he was not prepared to deal.
Accept it as it is and be true to yourself, the real answer is in you. It is about saying no to whom and what no is due and saying yes to whom and what yes is due! A simple solution to most of the problems of mankind today is just Yes and No!
Jesus does not suffer so as to exclude your suffering. He bears a cross, not that you may escape it, but that you may endure it.
... From want of foresight men make changes which relishing well at first do not betray their hidden venom, as I have already observed respecting hectic fever. Nevertheless, the ruler is not truly wise who cannot discern evils before they develop themselves, and this is a faculty given to few.
... Whoever becomes master of a city accustomed to live in freedom and does no destroy it, may reckon on being destroyed by it. For if it should rebel, it can always screen itself under the name of liberty and its ancient laws, which no length of time, nor any benefit conferred will ever cause it to forget; and do what you will, and take what care you may, unless the inhabitants be scattered and dispersed, this name, and the old order of things, will never cease to be remembered...
... If instead of colonies you send troops, the cost is vastly greater, and the whole revenues of the country are spent in guarding it so that the gain becomes a loss, and much deeper offense is given since in shifting the quarters of your soldiers from place to place the whole country suffers hardship, which as all feel, all are made enemies and enemies who remaining, although vanquished, in their own homes, have power to hurt. In every way, therefore, this mode of defense is as disadvantageous as that by colonizing is useful.
You may not lead by ordering, but you may lead by showing possibilities and the beauty of success.
... none of them had it. They had no qualms about stealing, but they needed to be told. They liked to be told, and Viktor Chemmel liked to be the teller. It was a nice microcosm.
To truly be successful you must of have a clear vision of what success means to you & then share that knowledge with others to grow a team ~bns~
The Leader who sets a vision and encourages others to to take ownership in their future will obtain the greatest reward of overall performance resulting in success.~bns~
The journey to self discovery forges many paths, the footprints left behind are the memories of what was and the belief of what is.~bns
Print, it transpired, was not just an instrument of agitation and change: now it was equally necessary to win the peace.
True Leaders possess good core values and will align themselves with like thinking people to grow their leadership and prosper in Integrity~bns
Awesome ‪‎Leadership‬ is encouraging others to take initiative,challenge what is status quo improve it and feel pride in their commitment~bns~
Dynamic Leaders value and nurture relationships to create long term associations that create and achieve professional respect~bns
The first thing I am going to tell my successor is, don't trust the military men – even on military matters." JFK
A leader does not develop leadership by gaining more followers. Great leaders make more leaders.
People of the hundred," he said, using an ancient Herrani phrase Arin was surprised he knew, "who leads you?"So many cried Arin's name that it no longer sounded like his name.
Leadership begins by asking how you can make things better?
A strange feeling: as if filaments trailed from Arin's body. A thousand fishing lines snagging attention. Here and there. Little tugs. People caught on the lines. The way sometimes people couldn't look him in the eye, and when they did they become fish trying to breath air. He wished it weren't like that.He knew it would be necessary.
The elegance under pressure is the result of fearlessness.
It is not an overstatement to say that the destiny of the entire human race depends on what is going on in America today. This is a staggering reality to the rest of the world; they must feel like passengers in a supersonic jetliner who are forced to watch helplessly while a passel of drunks, hypes, freaks, and madmen fight for the controls and the pilot's seat. – Eldridge Cleaver, Soul on Ice, 1968
You have to imprint your own style. People like authentic personalities.
Self-leadership always precedes team leadership.
When efforts that are wisely executed, the situation and condition don't affect the performance.
How we lead ourselves in life impacts how we lead those around us.
A leader or president that never rebukes violence, is like one that takes utter pride in it's rage
The world is aching for feminine wisdom to come forward.
Are you following the sheep to the slaughter house, or leading them to the pasture?
A true leader must have enough backbone to stand alone, even when the crowd wants to take the easy road home. A true leader cannot be dependent on companionship for his or her security, but must learn to trust in God alone. Singleness can give us the kind of backbone - courage, confidence, and leadership skills that an effective Christian must learn.
Service is a sacred strength.
A prophet is not someone who first had an idea. He is the one to first believe in it and take it to its conclusion.
Every leadership role has a character driving force that will fulfill or decimate the ultimate purpose of the role. Jesus our role model
When someone makes you a priority it is Great! When you make yourself a priority it is Brilliant!~
Standards are not established by your proclamations they are established by your routines.
The value of someone is not determined by titles, positions and sects, but by the impact and the major contributions he/she makes in the society by digging a hole in the universe to build a foundation for the next generation that is coming.
Organizing a coup was not the same as wanting one.
TO GROW OUR MIND- We must learn new things. We must CARE for more things. We must TEACH more things. We must SHARE more things. We must RETAIN more things. To grow our mind - We don't need education, We need a good memory.
Every day you should wake up with the excitement in knowing that God’s plans for you are far greater than your dreams for yourself. The best is yet to come!
John F. Kennedy responded, as he often did when at his best, skillfully mixing dollops of wit with, self-deprecation, and the principle of not-really-going-near-the-question.
Gen. de Gaulle is only concerned about history, and no jury can dictate the judgment of history." Georges Pompidou
Every day you should up with the excitement in knowing that God’s plans for you are far greater than your dreams for yourself. The best is yet to come!
Great leadership makes ordinary people into extraordinary people.
They probably think the sun won't come up unless you're there to allow it.
William McKinley was a man made to be managed.
Nixon was by nature a excluder. Halderman like to exclude people. When Nixon's need met Halderman's abilities, you had the most perfect formula for disaster. – Jim Shepley
Richard Nixon coveted, to the point of obsession, a controversy-free, stage-managed coronation.
Begin each day with a promise to self to be grateful ,be kind .be authentic your day will meet your intent ~bns
House speaker Thomas read could see the trend, but he could not have changed himself.
Leadership is the right combination of Integrity and Repect for others.The Success of anyone worth remembering is the TRUTH in their actions~bns
[That] speaks to one of the most important roles of a leader; to boil down an organization's many priorities into a simple plan, so that employees can remember it, internalize it, and act on it.
JFK apparently felt genuine sympathy for his 1960 presidential opponent Richard Nixon. He felt that, with Nixon's frequent shifts in political philosophy and reinventions, he must have to decide which Nixon he will be at each stop. This, Kennedy reasoned, must be exhausting.
The author commented that John F. Kennedy's 1960 presidential campaign team worked like a band of brothers, while Richard Nixon's campaign team worked like a band of brothers in law under the direction of a quarrelsome aunt.
Nixon wanted view and advice brought to him through intermediaries. He wanted information filtered as it came to him – and he wanted his filters to filter his will back to those whom he must direct.
Eisenhower on LBJ: "He hadn't got the depth of mind nor the breath vision to carry great responsibility.
Henry Cabot Lodge was like medicine, good for you, but hard to take. – Teddy White
There are really two essential things in campaigning. First, you must be in good humor. If you're going to be a raffle, you are to stay home. Second, you are to make sense in your speeches. These aren't the two things you must do. Unless you're saying, if you can be in good humor when you're exhausted. – Henry Cabot Lodge
The most important job of a leader is to instill the confidence to follow.
Eleanor Roosevelt on the changes in John F. Kennedy that led her to drop her opposition to his nomination for president: "He has the qualities of a scholar, and a sense of history. I had the feeling that he was the man who can learn. I like him better than I ever had before because he seemed so little caulk-sure, and I think he has a mind that is open to new ideas.
He left to do whatever editors do.
The author's alliterative description of politics since the 1960 presidential debates: "Government by Gotcha".
What other country has had the privilege of making the world's heart beat faster?
Jack Kennedy protected a mature and presidential image – tough, yet not unduly combative.
Peace is one of the most obvious earmarks of the authority of Christ.
What we saw in Richard Nixon's face was the panic in his soul. – Richard Goodwin
The power to influence flows to the person with the most information.
Diplomacy's primary law: LEAVE ROOM FOR NEGOTIATION.
Leadership embodies a spirit of encouragement. It is difficult to lead people where they are not enthusiastically encouraged to go.
The world has enough deceit, decay, and despair; be different.
Superficial and emotional subject might sway undecided voters.
In the 1960 campaign, Arthur Schlesinger wrote of Adlai Stevenson, who already lost twice as the party's presidential nominee, "He has been away from power too long; he gives me an odd sense of unreality, a certain frivolity, distractedness, over-interest in words and phrases.
We need to know not only what is done but what is purposed and said by those who shape the destines of states and realms." Horace Greeley
Lincoln said his spiky hair had "a way of getting up in the world".
The press-savy Lincoln looked not to the future, but to the past.
True leaders do the right thing when the team's success is at stake and integrity is challenged.They just commit to personal excellence~Bluenscottish
It remains for you to save one before saving others, to lead one before leading others.
Leadership is when you build the team,have the tools,teach the trade,use their skills to ready them for success.~Bluenscottish
Leaders who listen to their team ,encourage dreams, they inspire success by example andl ignite the passion needed to achieve ~Bluenscottish
The dance you take with passion and self belief While every step is in rhythm with the honor of your words and the integrity of your daily actions~bns
The art of oratory was considered part of the equipment of a statesman.
The author says one patrician English leader saw his relationship with the populace thusly: He wasn't responsible TO them. He was responsible FOR them. He was responsible for their care.
A minister's (cabinet member's) function was not to DO the work but to see that it got done.
A lot of people here some South in your mouth, and they automatically think you're dumb. They think if you talk funny, you are funny. – Lloyd Hand
Duty was not untinged by ambition.
Britain had an air of careless supremacy which GALLED her neighbors.
In person, Mr. Desmond mixes low-key friendliness and on-message discipline.
In my opinion, the state of mind of a community is always directly due to the influence of the man at the top.
What does sincerity mean if it is chosen as deliberate strategy?
When justice is more certain and more mild, is at the same time more efficacious.
The miserable man was a man of that confined stolidity of mind that he could not discuss my prospects without having me before him.
She led me to believe we will going fast because her thoughts were going fast.
The only nations which deny the utility of provincial liberties are those which have fewest of them; in other words, those who are unacquainted with the institution are the only persons who passed censure upon it.
Persuasion is a strong but subdued outrider.
I am not a leader but a pathfinder and a motivator.
The whole people contracts the habits and tastes of the magistrate.
King die hard, in Shakespeare and in life.
Tolkien, lucky man, had protected a realm of his own invention to which he could flee. Robert Graves, embittered by battle, writes: The child alone a poet is: Spring and Fairyland are his… Wisdom made him old and wary banishing his Lords of Faery
Governing is not a hero's profession. It is a profession of compromises.
Jack had an actor's control." Chuck Spalding
Jousting with an obvious hoodlum couldn't hurt.
From hope evolves faith. From faith evolves belief. From belief evolves expectations. From expectations evolve success. As long as you have hope you can achieve success.
Integrity is the ultimate foundation of leadership.
When you get to the junction of double mindedness in purposefulness, remember the will of God.
An anti-politician is hardly an anti-politician once he starts winning and works to close the deal by working to sew up the Establishment.
It was not because I had a strong sense of the virtue of industry, but because Joe had a strong sense of the virtue of industry, that I worked with tolerable zeal against the grain.
He talks to people's grievances, but he doesn't seem mad. – Elizabeth Drew
Chronicling the mid-1970s up session with Gerald Ford's clumsiness, the author quotes a medieval maxim that the king has two bodies. The head of state has a physical body like everyone else, but he also represents the body politic, either reflecting its majesty or its weakness.
The political mind is the product of men in public life who have been twice spoiled. They have been spoiled with praise and they have been spoiled with abuse. – Calvin Coolidge
Once Trump got his hands around this promising idea, he basically strangled it.
Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent. It depends in part on the myth-making imagination of humankind. The person who experiences greatness must have a feeling for the myth he is in. He must reflect what is projected upon him.
Delay is as dangerous as the wrong answer.
You can't lead if no one will follow.
A thing can be fine on paper but utterly crummy in the field.
If virtue does not equal powers, powers will be misused.
It doesn't follow that the riots mean permanent hostility toward him.
My son will wear the title well, the Duke thought, and realized with a sudden chill that this was another death thought.
The politics of the possible was being replaced by the politics of purity.
His was a quiet but persistent charisma.
The essence of leadership is not to portray yourself as some sort of know-it-all, but your ability to develop the people you are working with so they themselves can take the initiative and do the organizational drive.
He understood the code of his social class enough to affect an air of indifference about life.
I can see that spark coming back when he talks about the future.
He made his character his platform.
Such was the code: Strive for victory, but never seem to be self-involved.
You can’t be a great leader if your heart is not filled with greatness.
If you have a great vision and are ready for a passionate mission, they you are a leader.
Comfort leads to complacency, and complacency kills. For this reason, I believe that we all should be a little uncoomfortable in our jobs.
You are a good leader when your actions inspire others to do good for themselves and for others.
A true leader leads his people from the front and if he falls into a pit the people will surely not follow.
He communicates authenticity to an electorate ravenous for it.
Initial uniformity can be deceiving, warns the author, because parties arrive at that state from so many different motives which will be exposed over time.
In all things... .strive for perfection - settle for excellence
Now even reformers needed political machines.
Leaders don't pray to God to fill their potholes. They ask God for shovels so they can do it by His grace. Pray practically.
The main way people waste time is by complaining of their past wasted time. Leaders respond even if it seems to be late.
To leaders, one trusted friend is better than ten well known betrayers
What differentiates victors and victims are visions and vigor. Victims won't get the vim to step out of their situations.
Inferior and Superior life lives in the interior of a person.
Experiment participants asked to pick which politician looked more confident in a photograph picked the winner of the race two thirds of the time. This phenomenon held up even when they only glimpsed the photographs for a 10th of a second.
Leaders don't define wealth by material things they see. They define wealth by the visions they imagine and actions they take.
He uses the nice old words so rich in tradition to be sure I know he means it.
There are proven ways to win the loyalty of tough, strong, ferocious men: play on the certain knowledge of their superiority, the mystique of secret covenant, the esprit of shared suffering.
Clarity repositions you to quit nice activities that take you nowhere in order to pursue risky tasks that take you somewhere.
Leaders get to tall heights by taking short steps. Being faithful, diligent and consistent with little steps is the secret to mounting greater heights.
Leaders with high esteem are high performers.
Leaders let go of what they can't control. It's a matter of knowing the power of the muscles and bones in your neck so you can go for what it can carry
Leaders should know how fast time runs and how faster they can beat it. Poor leaders run slowly till time overtakes them.
Leaders take actions. Attacking your plans with blows of actions will not cost you painful but temporal bruises. Never leave goals untouched.
Achievements take leaders' name everywhere. Character keeps those names wherever they reach. A leader with no trust soon fades no matter how far he goes.
Leaders don't cheat
Those who see poverty looking for human slaves to capture, will tell you they saw him holding the handcuffs of laziness.
Self-leadership is about digging out your hidden endowment and making them known and useful to those who need it most.
Vision unknown is self-abuse. Vision known is self-abuse discovery. But vision applied is self-liberation. Application is the key
Leaders reject free opportunities they don't need, so that they can have time to create the expensive opportunities they need.
Shallow are the souls that have forgotten how to shudder. Leon Cass
Talk about presidents "taking" the country hither and yon is part of the foam of presidential elections.
The feelings of politicians are rarely transparent.
The author characterizes Hamilton's tone in the Federalist papers by saying that he never spoke of problems but of being at the last stage in the crisis.
A person with low standards will forever be walking. A person with high standard will soon stop walking and start running. Later, they’ll soon stop running and start galloping. The next time you see him, he’s either flying or soaring.
Leaders try every possible means to leave the world better than they found it. They make an indelible impact and society remembers them for that.
Don’t let the horrible nature of the waters prevent you from crossing the rivers of life. The more horrible the challenges we face, the sweeter the joy of conquering them.
Leaders are raised through training and experience. Nobody was born naturally with hand-gloves of leadership. We come to life to search for it, discover it and optimize it.
Live an exemplary life as a leader. When you are gone, you will still lead from the grave because your influence, impacts and inspirations will become and information for the living.
People do not recognize that you can do it when you merely tell them you can. Until they see you doing it, they won’t follow you. Leaders who are willing to go further alone today are those to be consulted for solutions tomorrow.
Leaders look out for people who can criticize them constructively and rebuke them reasonably.
Leaders create and maintain good interpersonal relationships with people they meet and work with. People who lead better relate better.
If you have only answers and no questions, chances are high that you will never know new things.
Contrary to popular opinion, leaders aren’t created out of fame. Fame is just a shadow. When you enter dark times in, it leaves you.
Leaders know where they can function better. They don’t cry over what they cannot do.
Innovation is the art of creating a better, a more convenient and more comfortable way for the world to pass. Leaders leave footprints everywhere they go. They are impact makers and innovators.
There may be arrogance – and the laziness of someone who is indefatigable when doing what he enjoys, but only when doing that.
Leaders are optimistic. When you walk with leaders, the spirit of hope will ramble around you and you will feel like “yes, I can break barriers with few blows.
People who have nothing much in mind for next week speak instead about the next century or millennium.
Who you are when you have no power to say anything, and who you become when you have power to say everything will determine whether you are a leader or not.
Your followers are interested in going where you have gone before. Take them where you have been and let them know what took you there. They’ll learn by your example.
People who praise a leader even when he is doing the wrong things are the main reasons why his fall is near.
Whether it is in business life or in political roles, leaders rise up to offer the solutions to problems society faces. They act with the right actions at the right time.
Leaders don’t fall in love with mediocrity. The status quo isn’t their desire to maintain but to improve.
The courageous attitude of a leader awakens the dormant attitude of followers. The dormant attitude of a leader weakens the passionate attitude of followers. Leadership determines everything.
To know if someone can speak offensively or politely, don’t give him poem to recite; don’t give him a song to sing. Just engage him in an argument and you will know it for yourself who he is.
People easily become familiar with what you teach them practically than what you tell them verbally. Action fixes images in their minds and they can carry those images for a long period.
A leader does not only discover what people can do better. He teaches, guides and mentor them to do it exceptionally well. When a seed comes into contact with a leader, fruits are produced.
Management informs. Leadership applies. The effective managers inform accurately. Effective leaders apply wisely.
The leader who listens is the one society needs most. They don’t force their commands on people. They pay attention to their demands and set the pace for the change that society truly needs.
It's all right to drill your crew, but why not drill the passengers.
When you are a person people can trust, they will call on upon you, love to be around you and work with you.
The growth of an organization is not dependent on the number of employees in its register. It is dependent on the number of employees who show dedication and commitment to the vision of the organization.
Leadership is about taking steps while management is about drawing the map on the steps to take. Managers simply plan, leaders simply execute!
The public personality of a leader is not what really matters. What he does out of the open stage really tells more about him than anything else.
Leadership is about focus and concentrations. To be in focus, choose a clear direction. To concentrate, remain in that direction!
People who follow you want to know in their hearts what you are willing to sacrifice for them. Your followers don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care for their welfare. Leading to succeed begins with servant leadership.
Feeling threatened by others' choices pulls us all down. Instead, we should funnel our energy into breaking this cycle.
Women can enter (...) negotiations with the knowledge that showing concern for the common good, even as they negotiate for themselves, will strengthen their position.
For leaders, wars are filled with guesses.
His level of experience is nearly transcendent.
Everyone has a kind of limitation respectively. Leaders don’t allow their own to obscure them in a small corner.
By means of positive imaginations, leaders bring the future to the present so that they can work on it before setting off to enter it.
Everyone in the organizations is very important. From the sweeper to the security officer; from the messenger to the manager, everyone doing well at his post is a leader. The organization becomes a leading one when it’s made up of people leading in their roles.
You will never overcome your self righteousness if you continue to believe that God prefers you over other people. The moment you feel entitled is the moment you feel superior and distance yourself from a humble heart that believes God knows what he is doing.
The simplest way to silence your critics as a leader is to do what they claim you can’t do. However, be careful they don’t set you up to take fatal risks to please their criticisms.
The common soldiers did not blame him for his excessive grief. They knew him. They knew his flaws. Indeed, I think they loved him all the more because he was flawed, as they were, and did not hide his passionate, blemished nature.
As wars dwindled to skirmishes and our strength grew, so David was able to spend less time with military commanders and more with the engineers and overseers who were fanning out throughout the land, digging cisterns, making roads, fortifying, connecting, and generally making a nation out of our scattered people.
Leaders are deep thinkers. They don’t relax for problem to lay eggs before they attempt dealing with them.
The ultimate profit from all of my businesses is to be happy and to make all of the customers happy.
There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical, mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!
The greatest part of our existence enfold in service of humanity.
Resilient communities relied on informal networks of deep trust to contend with and heal disruption.
I have lived most of my life in soldiers’ camps. I know what they saw. I know how they think. Their confidence sours as sudden as curdled milk.
I thought it best to add nothing further, to let the line of his thought lead him to his own conclusions.
A beacon of light shining in a dark tunnel leads even the blind to safety
There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical. mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!
He disliked the social obligations of the captaincy.
Avner had lived too long and become too canny to claim the crown of Israel for himself.
Even though he said no store in uncanny things, he was soldier enough to value with whatever weapon came to hand.
When a kingdom rests on it, I always expect difficulty. Then, if there is none, no blame. But if there is, one is prepared.
No one sits, as you do, so close to a king, who does not begin to grasp how the levers of power work, and the cost of the oil that must grease them.
This night he was a king before he was a man. At this time, this troubled me. Later, I would have cause to wish it were always so.
David was at his best in group settings, soldier enough to join in the raucous jests, king enough to make it matter that he remembered some moments of bravery or sacrifice, and praised each man accordingly.
He is able to put aside personal feelings and see the broad strokes. Experience counts in these things.
David ran through concrete advantages. And then set aside the practical. The pragmatist was gone, replaced by the poet and mystic.
A sign of a good leader is not his position but his vision.
If soldiering did not interest him, the soldiers themselves were another matter. He loved to sit with the men and draw out their first-hand stories of past campaigns.
You can’t lead people if you can’t lead yourself. Self-leadership qualities qualifies you to become a co-operate leader.
Perhaps Ali's most significant talent with the ability to transport people past thoughts and words to a world of feeling and play.
You say I can't do it because you can't. Mohammed Ali
Leaders can change the tenor of the workplace and create harmony in motion toward a favorable result. So every time you say to your team, "Let's rock and roll," make sure you have already set up the stage to where they can actually perform like rock stars.
She turned back to the rest of us. "They've taken it all," she said. "They've taken every last good thing in the world."Then she swung the door wide. "Now go and show them your answer.
I've never understood one thing: Why do all these megalomaniac dictators, secret societies, mad scientists, and totalitarian aliens want to rule the world? I mean really? Don't they know what a pain in the neck it is to be in charge? People are always making unreasonable demands of kings. "Please save us from the invading Vandal hoards! Please make sure we have proper sanitation to prevent the spread of disease! Please stop beheading your wives so often; it's ruining the rugs!
Whatever his weight in pounds and ounces, he always seems bigger because of his bounces.
Leaders lead by example. No leader asks more than he is prepared to give himself.
Notice I did not say what people can do--what we can do is merely a consequence of what we can be.
Eradication represents a complete change of philosophy and a recognition of the equal rights of all citizens to protection from infection, no matter where they live. Eradication, by its very nature, is public health with a conscience. The public health control officer can sleep tranquilly, salving his conscience with the thought that most of his responsibility has been discharged – that he did not have enough money to do any more. The eradicator knows that his success is not measured by what has been accomplished but, rather, is the extent of his failure indicated by what remains to be done. He must stamp out the last embers of infection in his jurisdiction. His slogan must be: ANY IS TOO MANY.
The best friend of truth is time while the best friend of a leader is results.
Between a plan and it’s achievement is a leader in the middle. With his one arm he makes the plan. With the other one he carries them through.
Bad timekeeping will suck the life out of your bank account.
Leaders know the great deal of productivity that comes out of a strong self-esteem. They help others to develop this esteem so that productivity can increase.
A leader does not lose focus because he wants to please his followers.
My dear Gorgas,Instead of being simply satisfied to make friends and draw your pay, it is worth doing your duty, to the best of your ability, for duty’s sake; and in doing this, while the indolent sleep, you may accomplish something that will be of real value to humanity. Your good friend, ReedDr. Walter Reed encouraging Dr. William Gorgas who went on to make history eradicating Yellow Fever in Havana, 1902 and Panama, 1906, liberating the entire North American continent from centuries of Yellow Fever epidemics.
A sacred space is not a place to hide out. It is a place where we recognize ourselves and our commitments.
To understand desire, one needs language and flesh.
The stories that grow up around a king are strong vines with a fierce grip.
Fortunately for the cause of science and of humanity, we had as Governor-General of Cuba at that time General Leonard Wood, of the United States Army. General Wood had been educated as a physician, and had a very proper idea of the great advantages which would accrue to the world if we could establish the fact that yellow fever was conveyed by the mosquito, and his medical training made him a very competent judge as to the steps necessary to establish such fact. General Wood during the whole course of the investigations took the greatest interest in the experiments, and assisted the Board in every way he could.
My job as a leader is to make sure everybody in the company has great opportunities, and that they feel they're having a meaningful impact and are contributing to the good of society. As a world, we're doing a better job of that. My goal is for Google to lead, not follow that.
Time was when much of lawyering consisted (according to turn-of-the-century lawyer and statesman Elihu Root) in "telling would-be clients that they are damned fool's, and should stop.
Over seven billion people exist and not one has your set of fingerprints. That sets you apart from anyone who has or ever will walk the face of this earth. You bring something to the table of life that no one else can, so bring it!
The best leaders have the ability to align people to their vision and motivate them to work passionately towards its fulfillment as if it were their own.
Although leaders and followers are closely linked, it is the leader who often initiates the relationship, creates the communication linkages, and carries the burden for maintaining the relationship.
Leaders show examples. They have something to offer and they’ll offer it by the process of how they got it. Anyone who has no examples to show may not lead better.
The real character of leaders does not show in fair weathers. When the sun of life begins to go hot, you will see for yourself some leaders are already melting off!
The time it takes to fall from the top of a mountain to the floor it shorter than what it takes to climb from the floor to the top. Only leaders with character can maintain their trusts.
A leader who is through learning is through.
You have to be a light to yourself in a world that is utterly becoming dark.
Few of us realize our potential; because if we did, we would pursue our passion and walk in our purpose.
The speed at which progress rolls is not determined by the number of people who started pushing it, but by the number of people who are passionate to hold on doing so.
Take a look around,” the instructor had advised. “Ask yourself if there’s anyone else who is better qualified to do the job. Not in the entire galaxy, but right there, at that point in time. If the answer is ‘yes,’ ask them to accept command, and do everything you can to support them. If the answer is ‘no,’ which it will be ninety-nine percent of the time, then take your best shot. That’s all any of us can do.
Yes, it takes two to dance. But somebody has to lead.
Discovering an inner history requires listening – and often not to the first story told.
Leaders are lovers of change. Without change, growth is static. To lead, you have to appreciate change; else change will depreciate you!
When the qualities that now confer leadership have become universal, there will no longer be leaders and followers, and democracy will have been realized at last.
Preferring steady progress, slow and imperfect, is a good philosophy for the defeated.
The common goal of leaders is to increase the value and productivity of people. Leaders inspire others to do better than they would have done when not inspired.
His was the strong soul, gentle, but tempered with fire, fervent, heroic and good, the helper and friend of mankind. It is such as he who make progress possible.
You have to make people realize your worth, else no one cares!
It is much easier to evaluate perfect rather than partial results.
Over a century now after Dr. William Gorgas wiped Yellow Fever out of Havana and Panama, and by that out of an entire continent, and more than half a century after Fred Lowe Soper led the eradication of Anopheles gambiae out of Northeast Brazil, their names are unknown, their carefully-detailed, boots-on-the-ground methods that they described in detail to leave expressly for generations to study and learn from to apply to malaria - and specifically they both had the desire for the destruction of malaria in Africa on their minds - is unread. The mistakes they warned about, the assumptions that they discovered to be useless and ineffectual in the field against disease-bearing mosquitoes are repeated today, while what Gorgas and Soper found to be effective and efficient in real-life conditions are routinely ignored or unknown, avoidable errors blithely doomed to be repeated thanks to modern ignorance of their incredibly important and transformative historical successes in public health. In the battles against malaria, to be ignorant of Gorgas’ and Soper's work in eradicating the mosquito that carries it is to be hobbled by the lack of hard-earned field knowledge, practical and effective discoveries that remain completely relevant and critical to success in eradicating malaria today.
I am sorry for you tonight, Mr. President. You are facing one of the greatest decisions of your career. Upon what you decide depends on whether or not you are going to get your canal. If you fall back upon the old methods of sanitation you will fail, just as the French failed. If you back up Dr. Gorgas and his ideas, and you let him make his campaign against mosquitoes, then you get your canal. I can only give you my advice; you must decide for yourself. There is only one way of controlling yellow fever and malaria, and that is the eradication of the mosquitoes. But it is your canal; you must do the choosing and you must choose tonight whether you are going to build that canal.
Leadership is influence
She was an experimental child but compassionate with it.
In fact, second lieutenants were primary-school teachers. Sure, teachers with guns, but a platoon commander was, nonetheless, the guy who sorted out the working day for 30 men under his command, taught their lessons, helped them with their homework, sorted out their petty squabbles and put plasters on their knees when they fell over in the playground.
Parables release the adrenaline of urgency into our bloodstream.
Optimists are more qualified storytellers.
Good general differ from bad generals only in the degree to which they resist the psychopathology of the very organization they serve. Norman Dixon
It's too late to leave the future to the futurists.
The British Army has a fine tradition of being so distracted by what it is currently up to it stubbornly refuses to look round the corner, let alone into the future.
The most essential requirement for leaders is neither age nor gender. It is neither certificates nor positions. It is the character that reveals trust and exemplary life.
Many ‘experts’ don’t possess the imagination or vision or any of the logistical expertise required to achieve malaria eradication. Their opinions shouldn’t be allowed to hold back men and women who do possess these qualities from achieving the ‘impossible.
Staffers tend to mimic their bosses, to take their key from them.
Bring it down." Veteran leader Han Solo's correction to the overbearing swagger bike which his protégé is attempting to force his will on others.
Democracy is not simply a license to indulge individual whims and proclivities. It is also holding oneself accountable to some reasonable degree for the conditions of peace and chaos that impact the lives of those who inhabit one’s beloved extended community.
People don’t follow you because you are nice, they follow you because they believe the place you are taking them is better than the place they are.
The best way to predict future is to create it." Abraham Lincoln
A storyteller, a displaced poet, will absorb reading differently.
The show became its own little world, with its own internal rhythm and high standards.
Although it is great to know, it is better to be told, 'I love you.' Whose day can you make better today by simply saying, 'I love you?' Now do the thing you know better to do.
Young, healthy communities can afford to roll the dice.
We cannot afford to let the ideas of our young generation go untapped or unbacked.
The highest goal of a leader is to help others fulfill their purposes in life.
You are a true leader if you help others to grow as leaders.
The towering genius is not apolitical.
He might not take their advice, but he took their temperature.
Lincoln was a master of small group theatrics.
Leaders are the human catalyst that overcomes our desire for the status quo.
You are never too old or too young to be a leader.
The author points out that the moral failure of Abigail Adams' brother focused her on disciplining her children, and herself, so that they did not come to the same end.
The author defines professionalism as exemplified by his subjects in their mutual unwillingness to take expected opposition personally. They would not allow grudges to get in the way of more important business.
He was making the inevitable pivot from critic to manager.
Sometimes servant leaders focus on the servitude part and forget the leader part. Great leadership isn't about abdication of power, it about the benevolent application of that power.
When an employee truly understands the meaning of his work and gets recognition for his efforts he performs the best.
when u have concepts(revelation) the way u live changes
The formula for successful leadership has changed little, if at all over the centuries. It isn’t leadership that changes over time, rather where the leaders need to take their people that changes.
He was experienced enough to spot the downside of doing the right thing.
A person who is truly cool is a work of art. And remember, original works of art cost exponentially higher than imitations. Just take a look at the the coolest people in history. They will always be a part of history for being extremely original individuals, not imitations.
Success will teach you who your real friends are.
We can be the very first generation which fails to see the logic or pride in defining ourselves by anything else but what is found within ourselves: our values
If you never try, you'll never know. You are what you manifest.
Confronted by menace or what is perceived as menace, governments will usually attempt to smash it, rarely to examine it, understand it, and drefine it.
Replace dabbling with laser-beamfocus on something important.
The utility of perseverance in absurdity is more than I could ever discern. Edmund Burke
You can actually herd cats. They can't be forced, of course. But if they sense something they want, if there enticed by something good, they'll follow, even in herds.
You can't always control what happens to you but you can master how you react to it.
Moral action – humble and honest – is the tribute that power must at some point pay to reason.
He was always acting, always enveloping himself in artificiality, perhaps to conceal the volcano within.
Life-shaping institutions tend to start with an idea or revelation. They often become mostly about the preservation and expansion of authority, something they relinquish only with the greatest reluctance.
What most new entrepreneurs don’t realize is that before you can lead a business, or a family, or a ministry, or even just another person, you have to be the leader of yourself, first.
Connection" was the cement of the governing class.
In this era of public survival through continuous storytelling, people want someone who might surprise them.
He was rebuilt, reconstituted by vengeance dressed up as high purpose.
If you think like a leader, act like a leader, inspire like a leader then you are a leader.
There's nothing more demoralizing than a leader who can't clearly articulate why we're doing what we're doing.
The nature of revolutions is to sweep the reluctant along.
If you have allowed a laborious lifestyle to suppress your dreams, then NOW is the time to take a STAND and give yourself PERMISSION to DREAM again! Now remove the clutter in your life and make PLANS to make your dreams a reality.
Perhaps the most important factor of leadership is simply taking advantage of the chance to lead.
Nothing is more honorable than a man or woman with a good reputation.
Jonathan had been around Washington long enough to know that no offer was exactly what it seemed.
Leaderships about transforming lives and making a difference through innovation and purpose, grounded in values and integrity
In order to get where you want to go in life, you have to Geeet!
Inside that Colonel, there's a private that needs to be cuddled and held just like the rest of us." Hawkeye
A $10,000 investment in Dell at its 1988 initial public offering would have yielded a fortune of ~$6 million at the stock’s peak.
Seek a man that doesn't ask you to prove your love. Seek a man that will prove God's love.
As a citizen of the world, I stand only with Truth and my conscience is my only leader. This is the only way to peace and justice on earth. To always do the right thing, be the right person, and stand with whoever is right always and forever.
Action is the bridge between thought and reality.
A meeting is a collective tacit confession of participants’ unwillingness to work.
Listen with the will to learn.
If you're not reaching back to help anyone then you're not building a legacy.
anytime you speak to anybody, remember somebody
A graceless pastor is a blind man elected to a professorship of optics.
All the progress in science can’t be used to build a smell receptor as capable as the one that a true leader possesses—to smell trouble or just something fishy.
Experience and wisdom are more tangible than materialism.
Tough times don't last always. Your hard times are there to shape you and develop your character. It causes you to become more aware of life and you develop an attitude of gratitude. Don't lose hope because it gets better.
With every step you take ask yourself, what do I really want?
Weak leadership will always hide behind ambiguity and rhetoric.
The best leaders are well-rounded, able to draw on whatever skills suits the particular situation at hand. They are determined, insightful, shrewd, and, most important, able to command the attention of the people around them.
Leadership is not a voice crying in the wilderness, aloof and apart. It requires an ability to command as well as to inspire, to learn in the process of collaboration and to build a team with a common purpose that can take action and execute the change they envision.
An organization can only grow and set an exemplary model for development with the help of right talent pool.
Be true to who you are. Don't let the world tell you who to be.
If we do not touch the heart, we will soon weary the ear.
The accomplishments of the women in 'The Counselors' are a testament to the power and promise of the American Dream and are sure to resonate deeply with many young women who have the desire and the ability to make their own unique contributions to this legacy of progress. . . . Just as the women in this book were empowered by the efforts and example of those who came before them, a new generation will be inspired and encouraged by the spirit and achievements of this remarkable group.
Rapport is the link between meeting and communicating.
Jefferson determined the lodestar that lay hidden in the motivations of others
Because their example is powerful, they're somewhat responsible for the weaklings who copy them.
Failure is an open invitation to improve and engage your frustrations with a refined energy of triumphant effort.
There will be no fear of your becoming lethargic if you are continually familiar with internal realities.
Every unearnest minister is an unfaithful one.
Rehnquist was just reflecting his shifting role, from outsider to the institutional embodiment of the Court.
A sense of messianic purpose makes the national interest almost indistinguishable from the political interests of the president.
Knowing that an asteroid is going to hit the earth is not really useful if you are not planning to launch missiles to knock it out of the sky. You have to work massively overtime on the belief that innovation or massive change is going to happen.' — Tom Martin, former VP of marketing
To the disrupters go the spoils.
Nobody thought the direct business model would work. But work it did, and spectacularly. Until it didn’t. And therein lies the tale.
If you fall into a pit, you need a ladder, not a hoe. You must climb up and not dig up. Leaders discover the right way out of limitations.
We spend most of the time justifying the situation and not finding the real problem thus leaving minimal chance of solutions.
One thing we entirely forget when making decisions is the fact that the results concern and throw back to the decision maker not the one it seeks to please.
A leader who sows confidence will reap excellency and legacy. A leader who sows fear will reap stagnancy or complacency.
Engaging solely to validate your opinion takes away from the character building process.
A goal shouldn't be limited to a title.
Leaders do not conform; they reform. If you conform, you are nurturing mediocrity. If you reform, you are breeding change.
There is no law against delaying action to weigh it in thought.
Respect is not an obligation nor a favour, it takes a bigger person to give or show some whether it is returned or not.
John Hay on Lincoln: "He always worked with things as they were, while never relinquishing the desire to make them better.
John Hay indicates that dealing with people directly as a holder of political office "requires a stronger heart and a more obedient nervous system than I possess.
Leaders don't walk in front, nor do they walk behind. They walk on completely different paths on the journey of intuition. The road that has never been taken. And so they lead.
When everyone has a microphone, you can't hear anything. Choose one voice carefully and listen in.
You can easily miss out on the joy of today by worrying about the “what if’s” of tomorrow. Tomorrow is not guaranteed, so bask in the joy of the day and tomorrows “what if’s” will take care of themselves.
Simply thinking creatively is not the same as being innovative, and only those who risk breaking out of their comfort zone by putting thought into action will discover the profusion of opportunity that exists.
Leaders do not play a "what if game". They believe it will be and work it to be! Success is scarce because fear is common.
The only relevance worth to pursue, is living your passion through your interests.
Leaders' major question is "why". If they lose, they ask "why". If they win, they ask "why". Their "whys" weave their wonders.
Get attached to your dreams; The but to that statement is, be open to all possibilities in your mission.
The altitude of any relation is possible through discourse.
It is easier to fall off the ladder once you on top, the balance is being aware of your environment.
People are tired of being told that it's possible... It's time to show them how it can be possible. Leadership is demonstration.
Leaders are interested in gains. However, they acknowledge that there is no gain without pain. They embrace the pain.
The ladder of leadership can only stand firm on the grounds of integrity. Any other ground makes it unstable till it falls.
Africa PRODUCES what it does NOT CONSUME and CONSUMES what it does NOT PRODUCE.
Leaders don't venture without vision. They don't pray without plans. They don't climb without clues. They are always prepared.
Leaders don't climb hills of success with shoes of pride. They are slippery enough to bring a person down to the valley.
Bridges take people across rivers. Leaders take people across ignorance. With a leader, the destination of a journey is sure.
Leaders will love to be poor and see their people rich, than to be rich and see their people poor. This is their mission.
Fear punches holes in your eyes so that you don't see the future clearly. Faith enlarges your vision to behold your destiny.
By constant practices, deliberate repetitions and uninterrupted exercises, leaders go from zero to hero. They don't quit.
If you're determined to stand, nothing can move you. If you're determined to move, nothing can stop you. Determination is the key!
Don't confuse one leader's bluster for muster or another leader's meekness for weakness.
You don't necessarily need atomic bombs to destroy a nation. Politicians who value their pockets than the life of citizens always do that every day.
So often in the church, being a pastor or a "spiritual leader" means being the example of  "godly living." A pastor is supposed to be the person who is really good at this Christianity stuff — the person others can look to as an example of righteousness. But as much as being the person who is the best Christian, who "follows Jesus" the most closely can feel a little seductive, it's simply never been who I am or who my parishioners need me to be. I'm not running after Jesus. Jesus is running my ass down. Yeah, I am a leader, but I'm leading them onto the street to get hit by the speeding bus of confession and absolution, sin and sainthood, death and resurrection — that is, the gospel of  Jesus Christ. I'm a leader, but only by saying, "Oh, screw it. I'll go first.
Leaders do what is uncomfortable but helpful. They run away from the comfort that doesn't produce any help for the world.
Learning from failure boosts a leader's chance of staying ahead of his standards. Leaders who rise quickly after falling are always stable.
A leader does not reduce his speeds to meet the views of negative thinkers. He leaves them to do their job as he focuses.
People either build a castle or a dungeon. The former by their virtues, pull people into positive edifices with gainful impression. The later by their vices, push people into negative huts with painful oppression.
Leaders scan the future so it can be free of doubts and fear. They do so by not living a double standard life in the present.
Do not mistake a leader's meekness for weakness.
Pride, anger and hatred are fruits from the same garden that poison the world when ripe. A leader cultivates no such fruits.
Every great leader once fell down from a tall ladder. You don't become a star until you get the scar. Take that risk now.
Words do less than 10 things, but actions do more than 10 thousand things. Leaders don’t talk in vain; they follow with actions.
Greed squeezes your dreams into a portable size, so that failure can easily carry them to dump somewhere.
Many self-leaders lead the world even by being invisible. The world learns from them without sitting in their classrooms.
Honesty is doing what you know or believe is right. Integrity is doing what is right and truthful.
Leaders find something to die for, not something to live on. If you haven't found something to die for yet, you can't lead.
Environment has its own ways of limiting us tightly. But leaders have their own ways of escaping those limitations narrowly.
A chief is a man who assumes responsibility. He says 'I was beaten', he does not say 'My men were beaten.
The art of diplomacy is finding a reasonable route among imperfect alternatives.
Leaders don't pray to God for money. They simply ask for His grace to solve problems. By solving problems, the money comes.
Your relationships will either empower you to overcome obstacles, or put fears in you so you can run away from them.
The desire to swim in deeper waters is what gives a greater experience. Nothing new comes out of being ordinary. Leaders take risks.
A leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone.
What happens when a leader misses his steps on the ladder is what happens when a train misses the rail. Be on track.
Until you do your best, don't try to take a rest. Until you take a leap, don't try to sleep. Until you top, don't try to stop.
Leaders are solutions conscious. They don’t complain. You would find them repeating this common question; “how will it be done, and by who?
Leaders inform, inspire and improve people. They educate, empower and enrich the value of their followers. They make impacts.
A leader in 10 minutes can unlock your potentials which in reality would have taken you 10 years to do without them.
Leaders don't cry for what country can do for them for free. They dream about what they can do for country at high cost.
People buy into leaders through the 3R's of Leadership: Relationship, Reason, and Results.
Why ships won't use roads, is why cars won't travel on oceans. When the position is wrong, the leader won't be right.
Leaders gather scattered people with the positive influence of intimacy while misleaders scatter gathered people with the negative influence of intimidation.
The skills of a leader will determine how excellent he will perform. His attitude will determine how often he will do that.
A leader isn't born after 9 months' conception. When talents are discovered, skills are mastered & values are developed, a leader is born.
If you see a leader solving one conflict wisely, remember he is working hard to prevent 10 of such from happening!
If you want to be a leader, don't stand on the toes of dwarfs. Mount the shoulders of giants and you will see further.
In being able to learn from his mistakes and grow, Eisenhower "was transformed from a mere person into a personage.
Freedom is willpower to act for a change.
Almost everything a leader fails to achieve is anything he fails to try. What is not attempted is what is difficult to do.
To become a leader, renovate your mind with painting of peace and roof your heart with ceiling of love. No love, no leader!
Teamwork is the best ever investment. If I make 3 and you make 5, together we will not make 8. We will make 15. Leaders build active teams.
It’s is good you are about something. But wait and ask, “why and how?”. Without “whys and hows”, not every energetic movement can be called progress.
Leaders walk their talks. They don’t give theories that do not work. They have clarity into their dreams and insight into their directions!
Leaders don't fall in gutters of fear; only negative ideas flow in that canal. There, you will see filthy things like doubts and disbelief.
I believe that we have reached a stage in life in the economic development of Africa where moving forward is perilous, moving backwards is cowardice and standing still is suicidal but we must persevere because winners do not quit and quitter never win.
Sometimes the reason God doesn't show up to win your battles is because he already put inside of you the power to end it.
The history of the failure of war can almost be summed up in two words: too late.
People who sneer at a half a loaf of bread have never been hungry." George Reedy
Leaders motivate people to understand that they can do better than they’ve already done and go farther than they’ve reached.
Leadership’s primary job is to enhance creative capacity by developing collectively effective leadership.
They were following their prime minister, matching their government's mood.
Teamwork is the best ever investment. If I make 3 and you make 5, together we will not make 8. We will make 15. Leaders build active teams!
He not only had the gift of “reading” men and women, of seeing into their hearts, he also had the gift of putting himself in their place, of not just seeing what they felt but of feeling what they felt, almost as if what had happened to them had happened to him, too.
I'm the boss. I gotta pretend to worry.
The author points out that novices to total war, and this Hitler and the British press have in common, overreact to daily events and lose sight of overall strategy.
Officers came and went and were never a part of daily life.
Now, as you well know, it is not seldom the case in this conventional world of ours - watery or otherwise; that when a person placed in command over his fellow-men finds one of them to be very significantly his superior in general pride of manhood, straightway against that man he conceives an unconquerable dislike and bitterness; and if he have a chance he will pull down and pulverize that subaltern's tower, and make a little heap of dust of it.
As the sun rises first on mountain-tops and gilds them with his light, and presents one of the most charming sights to the eye of the traveller; so is it one of the most delightful contemplations in the world to mark the glow of the Spirit's light on the head of some saint, who has risen up in spiritual stature.
The men were always wary of an officer who took form more seriously than function.
The air of compromise is rarely appreciated fully by men of principle. C. Vann Woodward
You have great talent for great contribution to humanity.
With Johnson, you never quite knew if he was out to lift your heart or your wallet. Roy Wilkins
Take for instance, a society where the prevailing value system is that you only go into politics and leadership to serve and not to make money. In such a nation, people know that those who go into politics and leadership come out of it poorer than they went in.
The specialty in all life is expecting the exception, while ignorant of real acceptance, until unexpectedly you re-witness your own ignorance to 'be' the cause that awakens others. One does not do this yesterday, or today. You do this with expressing honesty everyday.
Be an intentionally D.U.M.B. Person today! D-Demonstrate love to someone todayU-Understand and encourage someone todayM-Motivate someone todayB-Believe in someone today
Politics look very simple to the outsider whether he is a businessman or a soldier – it is only when you get into it that all the angles and hard work become apparent. James Forrestal
The Bible states in Psalms 139:14 that you are fearfully and wonderfully made and that you are a wonderful work of art. That makes you uniquely special. It only makes sense for you to just be the special you that you were created to be period.
The structure of our identity determines how we show up as a leader, how we deploy ourselves into circumstances.
Leaders spend time reviewing their mistakes rather than having fantasies over their achievements! They look for every way to do the undone!
True leaders spend time reviewing their mistakes rather than having fantasies over their achievements! They look for every way to do the undone!
Leadership crisis erupt when people who have not learnt how to obey instructions are given the privilege to give commands. Leaders are experienced servants.
Great leadership has more to do with character, courage, and conviction than it does with specific skills or competencies.
In leadership, the way up is down. Serve before you get served
Those who serve others will be served.
The better we serve, the greater the fulfilment.
Leaders succeed or fail depending on whether or not they clarify role expectations and keep their promises.
Relational depth often emerges from intentional dialog
Serving God should elevate our level of excellence in every part of our lives.
Leaders today should be more conductors than solo artists
Open mind → Learning → Knowledge → Baseline for leadership
If your endeavors result in success of the company in a continuity of atleast a few years, you are a successful manager. If other companies followyour business approach, you are certainly an important manager withleader characteristics.
A leader is a person who knows how to act when other people don’t.
Some of us need to put down the megaphone and just grab a shovel. Little less talk and a lot more action.
The single most important ingredient to success is Discipline.
Don’t assume meekness is weakness and those who are loud are strong.
Leaders today should be more conductors than solo artists.
Pride refuses to be taught. Humility refuses not to be
A leaders job is to shepherd, not necessarily to always shine.
If you are born to lead, be a leader!
Pride refuses to be taught. Humility refuses not to be.
Leaders set the agenda for the future.
Once a good model gets inside you, it can inform and guide you throughout a lifetime.
A better model of leadership means more effective leadership and better business results.
Transformation is an acquired taste—not for the faint of heart.
When we step into positions of leadership, we make a whole set of promises we may not know we are making.
I wish you much more grace for all your works.
Leadership makes a difference in the results we create and the quality of life we live.
When direction and meaning are confined to Executive Leadership, value is minimized.
Instead I take the lead, Tobias silent at my side, and though he does not touch me, he steadies me.
Collective leadership effectiveness drives business performance.
When a Promise of Leadership is neglected or unfulfilled, trust is broken, engagement erodes, and performance suffers.
Leaders have the right to expect that others will compassionately recognize them.
Leadership is a conversation.
Your need to feel significant will never be met, until you can conquer your fear and manage your focus.
When people don't know what’s going on, it’s human nature for them to imagine a version that’s ten times worse than the truth!
Take the high road. People will rise up to join you or fall out of sight.
Once leaders embrace the role of coach, they realize the weight of leadership is now balanced between themselves and their direct reports.
Some of the greatest advances happen when people are bold enough to speak their truth and listen to others speak theirs.
You won't benefit from diverse perspectives if you aren't open to utilizing differences.
As a leader, it's your job to get everyone to share what they know.
People need to feel safe to be who they are—to speak up when they have an idea, or to speak out when they feel something isn't right.
We must serve each other in love and in humanity.
When people feel trusted, they'll begin to understand they are contributors--and you'll get great ideas and happy people.
You are who you position yourself with
Map out lofty goals… include reasonable checkpoints along the way... refine, improve, and enhance your behavior in alignment with your goals…. that is the dynamic of true leadership and the formula for success.
Sometimes the best way to get other people to give up their egos is for you to give up yours first.
The key to handling conflict is to make sure people understand it's okay to have an opposing view.
Collaboration begins with focusing on the collective good rather than personal gain.
The natural result of utilizing different perspectives is that people are more engaged because they feel their opinions are important.
Perceive conflict as positive, creative, and issue driven. Don't allow personal attacks.
If you put your heart into everything you do, you will recreate yourself.
A little self-doubt is a good thing," said Jia, "but not excessive doubt. Sometimes we live up to the stories others tell about us.
Leaders find a need and quickly respond to the need.
The art of effective leadership is about navigating the dynamics of growth and success… holding a vision and leading a team, but arriving at the same time.
Stagnancy will suffocate a business… Leadership must be dynamic and evolving to ensure successful growth, enhancement, and longevity.
With automobile accidents, mechanical failure is seldom the cause; and most often, operator error. I find the same to be true with corporate failings…. the people are rarely the issue… the shortcoming is most often found in the leadership.
Don’t just timidly swing at the problems in your life, swing hard enough to knock them out! Small efforts produce small results, big efforts produce big results!
Our deeds and actions can change the heart of men.
John’s standard maneuver to ask someone to help him, especially in a moment of crisis,
We can serve humanity with passionate commitment to our divine purpose.
He is not the leader of great causes, but the broker of little ones.
Life is meant to be shared and fully lived.
He did not falter, as long as there was a path that led toward his goal.
Reliance in its most basic, daily, form is being part of a group that lives by a pact: To always have each other’s backs — no matter what — so that everyone comes out future strong.
A leader only follows a better leader than himself.
Reliance in its purest, highest, form is a code to live by: That every life matters. Every future matters. Taking care of each other matters. And our shared purpose is to create amazing futures for our children’s children.
Reliance is the ultimate measure of a team’s or organization’s culture. It’s not 'Would I recommend a friend to work here?' It’s 'Would this group of people put their ass on the line for me?' And 'Would I do the same for them?
If you want a strong future: Becoming secure with insecurity is the best security you can have.
If you want to lead others into a strong future: You need to be keenly aware of how your own inner truths — biases, fears, courage, values and dreams — do or do not impact the daily work of others.
If you want a strong future: You need to get past the stories that you have told yourself and others. You need to hear the heartbeatthat’s the real you.
Me comes before we. You need to become future strong before you can help others do the same.
Your career will include thousands of opportunities to transform yourself. Many will disrupt all that you have built. Each is an opportunity to choose to be vulnerable, to let go, to be reborn.
All the statistics about how many jobs you’ll have over your lifetime… (15-20) and how many companies you’ll work for… while true, completely miss the point! From now on, treat those numbers as red herrings — crucial only to HR directors, leaders and companies who are stuck in the past. The Rule of Disruptive Personal Transformation: Every year, you will experience about 100 significant transformative moments. Most will be thrust upon you by the disruptive churn of our times.Driven, focused people know which 3—5 to seize each year	as crucial to their future.
Future strong individuals will not take on personal sacrifices, hardships and corporate crap that sidetrack them from their dreams and goals.
To be future strong, you will face difficult hardships. Usually, there is no absolutely right or absolutely wrong choice. The key is to be intentional: Choosing the best hardships for your best future.
People should not have to sacrifice so much of their personal lives, hopes, dreams and goals just to keep up with corporate pressured morebetterfaster. And tomorrow’s workforce won’t.
Future strong cultures and relationships are built upon intense 'I have your back' bonds.
Future Strong leaders are driven by a core question: What do I want my legacy to be? That requires a lot of searching one’s inner truths, and being brutally honest about how that compares to one’s daily actions.
Working for a company must help individuals achieve their dreams and goals more efficiently and effectively than they could achieve them elsewhere.
Calling upon our crucible moments allows us to transcend our own limitations. Those moments create completely new possibilities within each of us.
You talk to leadership in China, and THEY are all the engineers. They get what is going on immediately. The Americans don't because they're all lawyers.
Leadership is more about purpose than it is about position.
Tomorrow’s workforce is flopping the relationship lens: They see companies as vehicles to achieve their goals and dreams — vehicles that can amplify their passions, achievements and community relationships beyond what they could have done on their own or elsewhere. Companies that they will join are seen as communities that explore and resource and fund making a difference in the world in ways that align with their personal approach and values.
Making heroes out of celebrity CEOs is at the heart of the crisis in corporate leadership.
He had been around politicians for a long time, and he was prepared for some outburst.
They loved the sound of their own voices. No decision would be reached anytime soon.
In spite of his Cold War credentials, Kennedy still believed in the power of words.
Future strong is adventurous self-mastery. Unlocking your future by running toward the unknown, with the wondrous soul of a child and the drive of a force that will not be stopped.
You need to have the means to impose yourself
Leadership is a mindset in which one is unapologetically driven towards their goals and in behaving accordingly, inspires those around them to join in.
Leadership is the bridge of integrity that connects goals, desires, and actions.
The biggest, toughest competition in the future will be the battle for your time and attention. Your one thing — your call to adventure — is your best tool in that battle.
Loyalty — deep, intense, devoted loyalty — to a leader or a culture, to any group, brand or idea, goes far beyond being engaged or having our needs met. We see our emotional selves in that connection. We see our future, our best selves and our better angels in that connection.
Do not wait for vulnerability to be thrust upon you by your company or the marketplace. That is when you lost control of your own destiny. Choose to disrupt yourself. Seek vulnerability on your terms, no one else's.
Future strong leadership means being willing to stand alone. Often, the times we feel most vulnerable are when we stand alone, before others join us. When we choose to be the first voice echoing above the silence. Standing strong, alone.
Future strong is grace, kindness, and gratitude within a pressure cooker.
Future shackled is when tomorrow is anchored, boxed and managed to maximize the minimizing of uncertainty.
The one thing that's missing to create a fundamental shift in work capacity: courage. Leadership courage.
Less than 10% of the mainstream workforce can achieve their dreams where they currently work.
The current relationship between companies and the workforce is like marrying into a dysfunctional family. Only you don't get to escape when the holiday meal is over.
Instead of getting the leaders we deserve, we can an abundance of ShitRollsDownhill Shovelers, ShitCatchers, and NewShitCreators.
We each must do a better job of choosing which hardships are best for our future, not just for the company's.
Most corporate infrastructures are massive time-wasters and demoralizing energy suckers.
Most companies are not respectful of each individual's time.
Far too much corporate stupidity is disguised as cost-saving efficiencies.
Far too much horrific wast of human capacity is disguised as order, predictability, and minimizing uncertainty.
The future is personal.
The future of work revolution begins one person at a time.
Embracing personal vulnerability is required if you wish to work, play and succeed in the future.
Before tomorrow becomes your legacy, come the choices you must make today.
The choices you make create your future.
To understand what makes you future strong, and what being strong means, is to understand how and why you make choices.
Future strong is being focused enough and mindful enough and courageous enough to search for patterns and order when all others see chaos and noise.
Future strong is letting go of what no longer serves you. Quickly.
Future strong is as focused on the success of every individual as it is on organizational success — creating an environment where people can achieve their dreams and full potential.
Future strong builds actions upon reflection, questions, curiosity, seeking to understand root causes and systemic connections.
Future strong strives for simplicity for all:Least amount of individual effort, energy and time to create maximum impact by each person.
Future strong is relationship-driven and joyful.Its best bet is on people. Its outcomes create joyfor others and ourselves.
We must stop destroying human capacity. Now.Too many of today’s leaders are holding back the future because it comes wrapped in risks.
If you are a senior executive, you need to embrace each individual’s right to choose his or her own hardships — and you must talk about that openly, candidly.
Everyone has a right to a strong and independent future: All of us have the right, and personal obligation, to choose whether or not company-driven hardships and sacrifices, overall, are shackling or strengthening our future. And to keep that right, each of us must be our own best advocate.
Leaders step up, even when they feel like hiding. And they do so because they care.
You live, work and lead others in the most exciting time, ever! Are you strong enough?
Your past is handing you a tool you can use to leap into your future: the crucible moments from your own life. The power you need is in looking back to look forward.
What will you do today so tomorrow becomes the legacy you wanted to leave?
If we don’t communicate, we certainly can’t get much done and if we don’t communicate authentically, what we get done is less effective.
No matter how crazed you get, no matter what pressures you're under, no matter who needs what by yesterday... Always remember: everything you do uses a portion of someone else's life.
People will change their habits quickly IF they have a strong reason for doing so.
You will experience 100 transformative moments every year.
We each must select the best hardships for our best future.
It's time for you to be the hero of your own journey.
Your choices are where your future begins.
Significant is the doer, the rest just watch!
He was more than comfortable with the language of imperious persuasion.
The king's "only interest in government was a pious but simpleminded desire for reproachment
It's time to consider: What are the toughest choices you face as you lead yourself and others into the future?
Consistency in right thinking and right doing is how you stay up in a down world.
Future shackled is when uncertainty is the enemy that must be beaten into submission.
Future strong is filled with disruptive heroes. Are you one?
We all deserve the best possible future.
YOU are the next big thing.
Who have you chosen to become?
Who will you choose to have your back?
Leaders: Your job in the future is to create a space where others feel save being vulnerable. Where fears and failures are openly discussed and used as lessons moving forward.
Despite several millennia of building best business practices, despite all the analysis and planning, and forced discipline and structure, what makes us human will never be cleaved from how work gets done.
The key difference between captain and coach? The latter’s opportunities for influence come at moments when play isn't happening,
Much of the outward business of kingship came naturally.
Always remember: everything you do uses a portion of someone else's life.
Choosing to know yourself deeply hands you a torch to see beyond yourself, into the future. Into a strong future.
Building a strong future is living at the intersection of today and tomorrow: where living in the moment and who you have chosen to become dance together as one.
What's your one thing? When you pause long enough to hear its heartbeat, your one thing will take your breath away. When you pause long enough to feel it, your eyes will tear up or you won't be able to stop smiling, dancing and having a blast!
Don’t allow your thoughts of frustration allow you to make decisions out of desperation.
Striving for successful goals will have a tendency at times to be discouraging, thankless, and mentally draining. You are entitled to these feelings, however you are not entitled to give up.
When manipulation flutters around everywhere, neither pull nor push anyone. Just do one thing - don't trust anyone!
The only principle which will make you more content, less bitter is to live a life that has "Less excuses, more results. Less distraction, more focus. Less me, more we. Live with "Gratitude" not with "Greytitude
Leaders inspire accountability through their ability to accept responsibility before they place blame.
Regardless of whether people have free will, human flourishing requires that they live in an environment in which they are treated as if they did.
Any goal, no matter what size, can be achieved if it is tackled with courage, initiative, perseverance, and integrity.
Cronkite is not a genius at anything except being straight, honest, and normal.
Your friend Plato holds that commonwealths will only be happy when either philosophers rule or rulers philosophize: how remote happiness must appear when philosophers won't even deign to share their thoughts with kings.
Having a team deliver standards and performance is much easier when they want to be there and want to be led by you.
All progress begins with a decision. Effective leadership requires decisive action. Embrace the process of deciding, yet recognize when you have reached a choice point.
Focus your thoughts today on HOW ‘You can!’ instead of accepting that ‘You can’t.’ Amazing ideas will come your way.
Each decision you make today has the potential to unlock and open doors of profitable benefits or close the doors to great opportunities. Think before you act and make your decisions wisely today.
Trust and believe in the vision of your mind that others cannot yet see. While others abide by the creed that seeing is believing, you must know that believing is seeing.
Expect progress, not perfection.
Leadership … is a collective and constantly redistributed function, and not the private property of the few or The One.
The challenge for us is to find some response that actually inspires change rather than clinging to the old ways that cause resentment, and more importantly, distract from the real problem.
A leader is someone who influences outcomes and inspires others.
At Lead Star, we believe that leadership can help you create a better workplace, a better life, and a better you.
It begins with the natural feeling that one wants to serve, to serve first. Then conscious choice brings one to aspire to lead. That person is sharply different from one who is leader first, perhaps because ofthe need to assuage an unusual power drive.
We have to work and serve humanity while we have the grace.
Around the world, the perception and reality of corruption and bad governance in public places remains very high. But it isn’t just in governments that these are found; they can permeate through society, where they are rampant in private enterprises and even religious institutions. We need to deal with the causes, not just consequences. You will need to play your role, both as a good example as well as part of the social police force. Cultures and beliefs must change at a personal level as well as at institutional levels.
You manage things, you lead people.
No man is educated for statesmanship who cannot see his time from the perspective of the past.
True leadership is not defined by notoriety, power, prestige, status, or job title.
Selflessness is the highest goal of good leaders.
Just imagine the strides Africa would have made if all the resources being channeled towards conflict resolution were going into construction of power generation plants and irrigation capacity. Can’t we promote our own peace? What are we doing to seriously focus on other eco-friendly energy sources like wind and solar?
It's not only the politician that can govern and lead a nation
Creating the right mind-set and a positive attitude today, will help you to start crafting a clear plan of how you intend to make your life a success.
A leadership comfort zone brings stagnancy, deprives one of innovation, stifles growth and frustrates both the leader and the team they lead. Your personal preferences like leadership style, communication style, prejudices, habits and mannerisms must be effectively managed so that they do not work against you. You have to be careful that your strengths do not end up becoming a hindering comfort zone. Seek to lead, driven by a cause.
Realise your Stewardship role as a parent – you raise children to offer a quality gift to society. Even your spouse should not be treated as an object or possession you own; support them to be the best of what they were created to be. Do your part and trust God for the rest. If you have empowered them, trust them to be responsible.
Empower your children - Allow self-discovery and self-awareness (their own key to success), Facilitate an environment for learning through experience (practice of knowledge acquired). Remember, this exploration will take place whether you approve or not – it’s inevitable, that’s why YOU MUST be in charge of providing awareness and exposure to improve the quality of decisions made during exploration and experimentation.
Having a succession and legacy plan in place will make you ready for forced changes due to circumstances beyond your control, like death, any form of incapacity, sudden changes in laws and regulations and even corporate scandals and moral failure.
Passing the baton - Oh what a challenge this has proven to be in many societies, families, businesses, governments, religious organizations and obviously in every other relay race! Why do this? - for starters, you will not live forever – how about that? After a given mileage, even a car will need new tyres!
Leadership success means your mission and vision must outlive you, but this will not happen by accident. We have enough stories around us to prove that lasting legacies have to be well managed, planned and structured for continuity. If not, you will carry your name, success and influence to the grave, only leaving short-lived memories of your achievements and impact.
Start planning from your internal or spiritual view of things. The external view always has a way of distorting, discouraging and limiting your dream.
When you have pictured and defined your desired legacy, allow your present life activities and efforts to begin reflecting the future you desire. Begin to do what you want to see, become involved in the causes you want to be a part of. Show your legatees how you want and expect things to be done after you are gone. This will enable them to fit the vision into their own as they make their own individual unique mark.
A leader, who divides his own people, contaminates his platform and begins to destroy his own territory.
Consider your will to be the vision of your influence on earth after you cease to be a part of it. Crafting a lasting legacy means you start planning and making it possible now.
Release children as part of your delegated leadership influence - this will enable you to leave a legacy worth noting. Realise the risk in delegation and bestowing this trust - if you sacrifice a rib, you expose your heart to possible pain, hurt or pride, fulfilment and joy. When these come – it’s not the end of the world, be brave enough to face the challenge with a positive attitude.
There are batons that you will obviously choose to pass on, upon your death, but there are others that would be advisable you pass on whilst you are still alive. Implement as practicable as possible, all succession elements that can be done whilst you are still alive so that you can ensure they are done according to your will/desire.
Do not do everything for your children – teach them personal responsibility and accountability. This includes using your home environment – the kitchen, the garden, making their room/bed, chores – as training platforms. Prepare them to be independent.
Open the door for communication and interact with your children. Provide the answers (if you don’t know, look for them or get expert advice). Guide them on how to deal with other sources of information – friends, TV, other media, society or the internet. Coaching empowers them to make their own informed, quality decisions.
Timing is a critical issue when it comes to succession. Passing the baton too early or too late could both cause irreparable damage. The timing just has to be right, but again you are responsible for creating or influencing the right conditions over the course of your leadership tenure.
Teach faith as a non-negotiable - What should your family be aware of? Why should they be aware of these things? How will they become aware? When and at what stages must they become aware?
It’s about teamwork, realizing we are on the same side and complementing each other. The family is at its best when exposed to and engaged in high-quality environments, interactions, and relationships. This is not technological or economic quality – it is leadership and effectiveness quality. Children mature best when the adults in their life work in partnership with one another. There must exist important aligning of mission, beliefs, values and behaviours within the family unit.
A leader must produce other leaders. Why do you want to produce followers, when by being called a leader the assumption is that you already have followers? Influence those who follow to birth their kind and develop others to lead.
Begin to invest in productive capacity, and the ability to see people flying or shining on the platform you have set for them in support of your vision. You need to draw the best out of them so that the reach and impact of your vision becomes phenomenal. See them as your extension, the multiplication of the tentacles of your vision and mission – sometimes when they shine, they are not trying to replace you at all, they are trying to be a “little you” somewhere you cannot be, as you focus on other key strategic issues elsewhere.
Alignment of vision, mission, values and attitudes need to be matched between you and those you choose to surround yourself with. The cost of training or replacing will be very minimal and less painful if recruitment, selection and positioning are done well. This applies even to general employment processes, whether at leadership or staff levels.
Men who can manage men manage the men who can manage only things.
At leadership levels, consider choosing your managers as much as the role. Your success is closely linked to how you manage this relationship strategically!
It is the challenge for every leader to develop and invest in those he depends on, to ensure his or her vision is realized in the way it has been put upon the leader’s heart. These key people will enhance the success or taint the leadership image and brand of the visionary.
You choose the leaders and place them strategically around the table of your vision and mission. They are already around you because of some degree of loyalty, so if you continue putting 80% effort in enhancing loyalty that already exists, you will end up going into overkill and igniting a toxic level of internal office politics that was not originally existent in your organisation.
Change in leadership brands must be influenced and proactively effected at a personal level, it can never be forced from outside with sustainable effectiveness. Saddam Hussein, Muammar al Gaddafi and Hosni Mubarak are all political trophies, yet the effects of the military or “civil” initiatives that toppled them, are nothing to be proud of considering what continues to happen in countries like Iraq, Libya, Egypt and Syria, after the use of force to bring political change.
The African Challenge - We must end conflict in Africa. We must lead to allow the Africans to enjoy the benefits from their natural resources. We must end poverty in Africa. Every African must be educated, have access to health care and a fair chance to fulfil their dream. Preventable sickness and disease must not reduce life expectancy or rob pregnant women of a chance to continue living. Africa must develop. Africa must not depend on foreign aid. Africa must be united and governed more effectively. Africa must customize her leadership culture and philosophy in a way that gives her global relevance and respect but still remain true and authentic to herself. Will you accept the challenge? Will you be that Africa?
If in this generation, you still consider yourself the only one who knows or who has the capacity to make a difference, it’s a shame because you are delaying this leadership excellence train from reaching its destination. Make a decision to change your leadership philosophy and agenda today!
Every leader must be challenged to educate their followers and capacitate them with knowledge, tools and a voice to champion their own causes and become actively involved in setting the agenda for citizen participation in social transformation. Don’t create a dependent constituency; develop and lead other leaders who demonstrate a growing personal responsibility for their own success as well as for those around them.
The lack of knowledge on the part of followers perpetuates a culture of abuse by bad leadership. Every day, issues are being endorsed in the name of standing for the ignorant masses, only to benefit those who sponsor the agendas. Priorities are set and resources allocated, never to benefit or reach those cited as the underlying justification for sourcing the funds or setting the priorities.
Management: An art of handling conflicting Egos to meet a common objective, be it political, organisational or societal in nature.
Never take advice about never taking advice. That is an old vice of men - to dish it out without being able to take it - the blind leading the blind into more blindness.
Two categories of people can be found in the world today. There are those who make things happen and there are those who watch things happen. A spectator watch things happen while a player make things happen. In the same vein, history writers watch things happen and history makers make things happen. This is why history writers are always at the mercy of history makers.
Stop explaining to others, people will only understand from their level of discernment.
Fear is the most prodigious enemy of our soul
Respect is reverence out of love, Fear is reverence out of hate.Choose Wisely
Be nice to people... maybe it'll be unappreciated, unreciprocated, or ignored, but spread the love anyway. We rise by lifting others.
With a little care for each other in the business world,we create a better one. A world in which human beings look after their fellow humans.
Nobody will achieve anything just by dreaming.
Living in peace has transformative power!
Five rules to follow to be a great leader: 1. Be curious. 2. Serve others. 3. Be purpose oriented. 4. Be adaptive.  5. Be positive.
Sometimes even a "Yes" can be fatal for our Souls
Its all about perception in life, For some One minus One = One & for some its Zero.That's the only difference.
In the end it will be your “Actions” “Convictions” & “Thoughts” which will determine how you shaped your life.
How long you will live in your dreams? The time is now, it's better to go and follow them..
Opportunity comes to everyone it depends on you whether you take it or leave it. Learn to take risks and play hard because at the end you'd be thankful for your struggle.
When you are stressed and challenged by hardships just smile through it as frowning won’t help in changing the situation
We all have this perfect little image of who we want to be, but it is unnecessary. Throw the image away. You're already you just be the best version of yourself.
No matter how much struggle you face in your journey towards success, someday you will look back and realize your struggles changed your life for the better.
Don’t keep those people in your life who are completely negative in approach. Eventually these people will stress you out and be the source of your downfall.
Don't ask creator to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.
Most people do not see their words as power.
A single employee, with one message, can succinctly capture the essence of a corporation the same way an iconic photograph captures a moment. Unfortunately, it is usually the negative massages that are published or used in lawsuits.
An email cannot be ignored. You may wish an email was not sent to you, because you learned what you did not want to know, but it must be acted upon because there is now a permanent record linking you to that information.
Emails are viewed as an essential historical record of an organization. A record that cannot be expunged must be created with care or not created at all.
Electronic communication has transmuted conversations into durable and accessible records. Revisionist history has gone the way of the phone booth.
Success is a matter of choice, not chance ~ Deepak Mehra
Career is a marathon race, not a 100-meter sprint ~ Deepak Mehra
We do not get to choose how we start out in life. We do not get to choose the day we are born or the family we are born into, what we are named at birth, what country we are born in, and we do not get to choose our ancestry. All these things are predetermined by a higher power. By the time you are old enough to start making decisions for yourself, a lot of things in your life are already in place. It’s important, therefore, that you focus on the future, the only thing that you can change.
Whenever I am in a difficult situation where there seems to be no way out, I think about all the times I have been in such situations and say to myself, "I did it before, so I can do it again.
Trademark yourself with the mark of excellence.
If every citizen should recite their national anthem daily, you will develop love to serve your country better.
Your special spiritual gifts and talents are your calling.
Leaders do not die with their music on their tongues unsung. They provide services that make them unleash their God-given potentials!
I look forward to the day when business is less about being busy and more about being of service. When Houses of Cards, become Houses of Hearts. We can no longer afford to squander our passion on cold economics. It is time to reclaim our most valuable commodity and devote it to what’s right. Devote it to concern & creation. To meaningful encounters & purpose-bound experiences. May we no longer do business, but build places of thriving instead; ruled by one truth only ~ the wisdom of our hearts.
Always judge a man by the coloring of his heart and only his heart. Truth can be found in his record of actions, not intentions.
The only way to change someone's mind is to connect with them from the heart.
To truly motivate others 1) discover what their motives, desires & drivers are 2) genuinely connect with and support them from the heart.
Love is the reflection of a broken heart in a shattered mirror...
Do not try to lead men who are unwilling to follow you; if their heart is not in it, you will never find the old spirit or the old courage.
Craving for power, titles and promotion to high places is not a tool for carving impacts in the heart the world. High positions polluted by bad character are the poisons that dehydrate the world of positive virtues.
A hardness to change reveals a hardness of heart.
Smiling is not a choice It’s a Lifestyle Pass it on
To be successful in life , Plan, Implement, Revise, Update, and Build on Change.
Passion + Vision +Skill + Mentoring = Success.
Start wherever you are! Low hanging fruit really tastes as good as the high stuff.
A lie near to truth is always difficult to catch
Pray GOD by HEART, Not by HABIT.
To enjoy a peaceful & Beautiful Life We should open our 'EYE' and Close our 'I
Have and show motivation to do and learn. That's the key for a good career. Everything else is an extrapolation of that.
Theres no competition in DESTINY. Run your own RACE and wish others WELL!!!
The only enemy which stands between the talent you posses and success you achieve is known as "EGO" in our Society
The most important principle for self discovery and to taste success is rather than changing other's attitude changes your own. And always remember same sun which melts the butter also hardens the clay
The only way to be content in life is to make sure your NEED don't become GREED.
No body is a looser either he is a Winner or a Learner
Being Wise & Being Smart are two different things anyone can be smart but those who master the art of knowing what to overlook in this journey called life deserves to be called Wise
The only goal in life is to be happy, genuinely, intensely and consistently , regardless of what it looks like to others.
Find answers in your weakness and surprise in your strength and always remember the golden rule every failure has HOPES
The only principle of Success in Life :"You must be present to win.
It’s all about “Priorities” There's No Such Thing as "Busy
Don’t be afraid of failures it takes courage to try new things & only those who try create History.
Live a life that leaves a memory, nobody can steal.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present.
The only unreachable dream is the one you don’t reach for.
The thing about our choices is that after we have made them, they turn around and make us.
True Relations never break and relation which breaks were never true
Living your life is a task so difficult it has never been attempted before.
What seems like the right thing to do could also be the hardest thing you have ever done in your life
Always follow your dreams with confidence and conviction, don’t fall for the trap of dream killers
Life is too short to be anything but happy. So kiss slowly. Love deeply. Forgive quickly. Take chances and never have regrets. Forget the past but remember what it taught you.
Time change - Moments don't.
Life is a do-it-yourself project.
THE Biggest enemy of Truth is known as Facts in our Society
A wise man is someone who knows how to convert obstacles into resources.
For all those who say its a Man world. Respect Women Its their World we are just guest here
MISUNDERSTANDING" arises only when you see the things with Closed Eyes
The only difference between success and failure is Lack of Vision
Life is same for everyone. The difference is only that some are living by heart and some for only sake of living
Two powerful factors which creates difference between destroying your relationship and deepening it are EGO and Attitude
TAKE Risk because you never know how absolutely perfect something could turn out to be..
As long as we have MEMORIES, yesterday REMAINS and as long as we have HOPE, tomorrow AWAITS...
YOU have to design your own Price tag for the world.
Only Boiled Seeds are afraid of failure.
No matter what goals you set to accomplish always remember there is a thing known as Life which you should never forget to live and enjoy
Don’t be afraid of failures it takes courage to try new things & only those who try create miracles.
If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future
IF you want to be a winner than follow one simple rule and feed it in your mind. Take each task and work as " Do it yourself project.
Sometimes life is like living in a chamber of Liquid Oxygen. Liquid don't allow you to live and Oxygen don't let you die.
A lion never loses sleep over a sheep's sentiments.
I've never been part of an formation where the leader succeeded on their own merits apart from their Soldier's.
As the state of mind, as the efficiency. Time is only a relative factor
A lion will never be afraid of sheep, no matter how many outnumber it.
Success means leaving everything behind and standing persistently towards our aims with great determination.
If a lion turned every time small dogs barked at it, it would be the laughing stock of the jungle.
Your talent is a seed; cultivate it, and in no time, you will harvest success.
A small idea with wings will take you higher than a big one with legs.
When everybody is planting apples a visionary plants oranges.
Blow by blow a giant is knocked down.
Seeds are proof that the greatest growth takes place in the dark.
Don't downgrade your dreams to upgrade your relationships.
I don't have wings, but I believe I can fly and touch the sky.
Wolves travel in packs, but the fiercest travel alone.
There is no cure for ambition other than success.
Be flexible like trees; when the wind blows bend, but do not break.
An army of disciplined sheep is greater than an army of undisciplined wolves.
Turkeys can run with eagles but cannot fly with them.
The farther you venture into the forest the more valuable the fruit.
A hunter’s meal is in proportion to his skill.
Stars are born out of dark moments.
Fortune hides behind action.
Building castles in the air is only wise if you build a ladder to reach them.
If records refuse to be broken, shatter them.
Do what no one else can do and you will become what no one else can become.
Thinking outside of the box is unnecessary when there are no boxes in your imagination.
One who takes the road less traveled earns the rewards most missed.
Don't try moving mountains God ordained you to climb.
Thinking outside of the box keeps you from suffocating inside of one.
If you listen to critics for too long, you will become deaf to success.
One who conquers fear conquers his greatest enemy.
Some birds learn how to fly only after falling off of a cliff.
The best way to overcome your weaknesses is to turn them into strengths.
Don't settle for a star when you can have the whole sky.
An ambitious amateur will rise above a complacent master.
Conquering hills today prepares you for conquering mountains tomorrow.
Taking a leap of faith is better than taking a leap of doubt.
An eagle does not crawl because it was born to fly.
Unleash the potential that is in another and you unleash the potential that is in you.
An ounce of wisdom can earn you a ton of gold.
Critics are loud, but success is louder.
Just do what you were going to do, before you said you were going to do it.
Keeping or holding on to a concept shows belief but building or adding to it shows confidence and depth of character.
First step to success is to drop what we are not and accept who we are. Always be yourself.
I am not smart, I pay attention.I am not considerate, I listen.I am not patient, I make time. I’m not lucky, I work hard.
Being a good leader does not require you possessing a fancy title, no more than possessing a fancy title makes you a good leader.
A pat on the back can often motivate more than currency notes!
The Bible is the greatest book ever written. It is absolutely amazing the tremendous amount of joy, peace, and success one will experience simply by applying its admonition. If you truly want the “Good Life” follow the Good Book.
The metamorphosis of your life begins with your mental appreciation for the cocoon stage of your journey. The adversities, the struggles, the perils of life are what either destroy your motivation or encourage your transformation to become what you were truly born to be. A WINNER!
I’ve heard it said that a thousand mile journey to success begins with the first step. Anyone feel like taking a walk with me today?
I've lived my life fighting to overcome but still yet the troubles I face, may never end in this endless race.
There are no perfect decisions, only excellent applications.
They oppressed us but unable to kill our spirit.
As you become more present in your own life, you will begin to enlighten others by your example.
In all spheres of life, there are constraints. You have to develop your own strategy to overcome each constraint.
True leaders don't give consoling answers, they take constructive actions.
The course you take determines your greatness or failure
The most valuable treasure God has entrusted a shepherd with, is his sheep. No sheep is perfect but if shepherd despises them or adopts a scornful outlook for them then he has already began his downward plunge into faith which if He does not repent instantly, may eventually find himself warring against God himself who is our Good Shepherd.
May we graciously accept our responsibility.
Serve one another with great humility.
May God guide and lead us to a glorious future.
You can't do it alone. Two things joined to a third thing are joined to each other. A is united to B and C is united to B. Therefore, A and C are united.
The cook's role is to feed the body while a leader's role is to feed the mind and spirit.
Great leaders die empty. They live to offload everything they put in them! Don’t die with your books in your mind unpublished!
The brain is the coast of many great monuments. Your ability to exploit the power of your brain is what makes you a leader. Leadership emerges from a positive mindset!
Great battles that prevail in actions had been won or lost earlier in thoughts. When the mind resists change, it’s in vain the legs chase it!
It works...conditioning your mind to see something positive in anything! Anything that happens to you, anything said to you, anything said about you.I have the choice to INTERPRET it in a way that is positive.Surefire way to imbibe Pollyana attitude !
Entrepreneur, if your going to start up, make sure you start up with excellence in mind.
Creativity is the new currency, so, are you credited with new thoughts or overdrawn in old thinking?
The difference between impossible and possible is a willing heart.
Purpose drives the process by which we become what we are capable of being.
A true leader leads for the sake of love and his knowledge of the path, a bad leader redirects his followers to the path of destruction.
When the positive mind takes the lead, the legs are safe to follow without any shaking!
Crowd is just a bunch of heads, it is their leader who is the mind.
It's not about how smart you are--it's about capturing minds.
Powerful leaders use their position of power to empower others.
Our values have led us where we are in life right now. We can't excel beyond the power behind our values that we have embraced...
Power without compassion is like a giant that blocks the sunlight.
Don’t believe everything you think. Our minds are thought-creating machines. Most of these thoughts are fear-based. Our authentic self has the power to pick the thoughts that best serve us and those we lead.
By all means be submissive in the bedroom (if you are that way inclined), but don't be submissive to life. Being life's bitch is no fun at all. Life may play up in many ways, but it's up to you to take control, take charge and put life in its place.
A positive attitude creates a passion that wakes a leader up. To the leader, attitude is more powerful than an alarm clock. Positive attitude in true leadership is what makes an alarm clock unnecessary!
The power in people is stronger than people in power.
The greatest power we have in life is not external, but internal.
Might without right makes blight
I am afraid, I cannot and will not 'surrender' to Orthodoxy!!My life in itself is an 'Epic experiment' of nature and new living!!And I am living the 'Great Adventure'..this moment..NOW!!
There is always a storm. There is always rain. Some experience it. Some live through it. And others are made from it.
Where everyone wants to be a leader, it makes one a follower to want to be a leader, and a leader to know what to follow.
To be undefeated, to primer is to learn the game for not just your talents but for the game itself.
Do not settle; open up yourself by surrendering to creating your own kind of success ALL THE WAY! Whether you have superior or less-than-average skills, you will cultivate your success story through determination and consistency.
Entrepreneurs are innovators, visionaries—generators of new ideas turning into coinage
Implore yourself to continue to Action Past Your Devil’s Advocate.
As I am an honest man, I thought you had received some bodily wound. There is more sense in that than in reputation. Reputation is an idle and most false imposition, oft got without merit and lost without deserving.
Through action anti-advocates are made believers, even though that isn’t a goal, Right! Your goal is and should always be to fulfill your own expectations and exceed them.
Be true to your authenticity and innovate with brave ammunition.
Be thankful for your achievements; be thankful for your accomplishments, no matter how big or small. Be thankful for the mind to complete the accomplishments. Be thankful for your past, present, and future. And know that if you are creating success stories you will find that average is how you began, above average is then where you will stand! Lest you forget the strong develop and improve; the weak get frantic, digress and deviate.
There are opportunities for all of us, we just have to open our eyes and hold ourselves completely accountable
Lest you forget the strong develop and improve the weak get frantic digress and deviate
..be able and willing to action regardless of all trauma, all the No’s, and non-supporters one could headache and pain on.
We all have a little entrepreneur inside of us. Wanting to leverage it is what gives us an entrepreneurial spirit and an entrepreneurial mind. Actually doing it makes one an entrepreneur.
if you are not a fan of great consumer service, then you are not a fan of business ultimately not making you a fan of money.
Ultimately, having what we want is our liability. It is no one else’s. Purge the blame game. Everyone has a legitimate reason why they CAN’T get something done. It’s the will to get it done REGARDLESS.
Exceed, succeed, outdo, overdo, all with a smile.
Entrepreneurs, let’s begin to turn our desire and design into reward.
Pick the paper off the floor, throw it in the trash, study—even if you think you already know the subject, say thank you for an act of kindness, and be the support you want to receive. You want to become a master of the mundane, making it easier to be a sorcerer of success.
The lion does not need the whole world to fear him, only those nearest where he roams.
The strong will always rule the weak.
Power and influence: things that should be obtained not for means of greed, nor pride, nor ego, but rather to ensure that in the right moment, when your wisdom and benevolence are required to keep humanity strong and united, you can deliver and orchestrate others toward the greater good.
The vanities of life:pleasure, possession, position and power.
A problem is nothing more than a solution outstanding.
All the power in the world, resides inside you.If you let it.
Being powerful or powerless is a habit.
Leadership is the ability to make things happen.
The biggest loopholes created in the world become evident when people who were born to lead do not eventually become leaders and never know it!
You may abuse your energy when you do not know what it is meant to help you carry. An undiscovered self is an easy way to rob the world of leadership impacts.
Teams that spend a lot of time learning the tricks of the trade will probably never really learn the trade.
Your mind is your belief hotspot -the center where the issues of life emanate from.
What happens in you is more important than what happens to you.
Be Courageous: Succeed or Fail Monumentally!
Entrepreneur, your message, mindset and mandate is connected to your brand, business and brain.
With the world now a global village, your vision has to transcend different races and faces in different places around the world.
Leadership is relationship.
When you don't see nothing wrong in anything you do, then you are doing everything wrong.
Come forward as servants of Islam, organize the people economically, socially, educationally and politically and I am sure that you will be a power that will be accepted by everybody.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s dream was a manifestation of hope that humanity might one day get out of its own way by finding the courage to realize that love and nonviolence are not indicators of weakness but gifts of significant strength.
Think crazily, even if others laugh at you. Act bravely, even if you are all alone.
I had to stop running. I had to turn and face my life head on. It wasn’t enough being like everybody else; I had to be the best, and I was going to show everyone what I was truly made of. I was done with being a terrified princess, constantly waiting to be saved. I was going to be a queen, and, like Vivienne said, I had better start behaving like one. - (Aurora Firedrake)
True leadership can only be achieved when one looks within oneself and commits to authenticity. It gives us the courage to stand at the front and influence others to willingly follow; it gives us the courage to learn, inspire, demand the best and shape the future.
Confrontation was the stuff of daily life.
The secret is in listening to our own inner voice.
When you see an obstacle approaching, grab your courage and speed up.
You are a leader when your actions encourage someone to reveal himself with hope, courage, confidence and trust.
When someone is walking beside us, we have more courage to walk into the unknown and to risk the dark and messy places in our journey.
People might consider you eccentric for being different, but this is good. Leaders and visionaries are not conformists afraid of standing out.
Missional leaders not only feel the burden of God's mission but they also act on the burden and act upon it sacrificially. Leading a missional church is not for the faint of heart. It takes courage to push yourself beyond your comfort zone and to lead the church beyond it personal limits. Brokenness, inner turmoil and sacrifice will always be part of the missional leader's life.
Leading a missional church is not for the faint of heart. It takes courage to push yourself beyond your comfort zone and to lead the church beyond it personal limits.
The courageous attitudes of leaders ramble around coward followers and sooner or later, they become courageous too!
A bold attitude is what true leaders use to crash down failure before they venture with their visions!
Believing in your potential and calling upon your courage to change will fuel your professional growth and help you accomplish goals.
The lift is about SPEED and COMFORT, but the stairs are about CERTAINTY! The lift may go wrong but stairs seldom do, you can always take the stairs. They are BOUND to take you UP and to the END as long as you continue to climb!
The leader must have both – the courage to take the people to a daring destination and the humility to selflessly serve others on the journey.
You might lose battles in your life time. However, every person that stands bravely on the side of justice, for people that have no voice, wins the true battle---Gods.
You cannot become a peacemaker without communication. Silence is a passive aggressive grenade thrown by insecure people that want war, but they don't want the accountability of starting it.
Decisions of character come from understanding that they are accountable to God only, not to family, spouses, religious leaders, corporations, public opinion or your own ego.
A great leader fights with great adversity, suffers greatly, but courageously, and never forget to help others is his ultimate duty.
Greatness demands great courage.
For a leader, courage, love, and passion for service are the virtues of life.
If you don't know what it is you're looking for you're NEVER going to find it. You have to be clear on what it is you're seeking.
Life is uncertain.Lord grant us gracious courage to face the uncertainty of life.
Social Media begins with a story - your story.
Dare to courageous in life.You have nothing to lose.
Courage is being who you are.Courage is sacred of thyself.
Never give up.Never give up on your hopes.Never give up on your dreams.Never give up on your visions.
Courage, will-power and confidence in your abilities will carry you to greater heights.
Inferiority intentions are sample chapters of defeated stories... Courageous beginnings are examples of true leadership values!
Success = Wisdom + Courage + Discipline. KNOW what to do, be BRAVE enough to do it, and LEAD YOURSELF to doing it again and again.
If there is to be any hope for the world, indeed if you really want to find satisfaction and happiness in your life, you must regard the return you will receive as a secondary consideration, if a consideration at all ……seek money first and you will ruin your land, or betray your profession…
God has a way of picking a “nobody” and turning their world upside down, in order to create a “somebody” that will remove the obstacles they encountered out of the pathway for others.
Risk may bring pain, but risk also brings freedom and reward.
Leadership begins inside of you. Leadership is about you, the people you influence and a belief that you can make a difference and have an impact. Leadership starts with a condition of the heart – the desire and passion to make a difference before it moves to the brain to implement a plan to make a difference. It is an inside-out process and is shaped by your values, character, choices, opportunities, experiences and your worldview
We need leaders who can meet and adapt to new challenges, build strategic partnerships, build and sustain human capital organizations, and have the courage to act and react to the challenges
As long you are still living, you can achieve far more than you could ever imagined
Pursuit of excellence is the desire for divine fulfilment.
Without passion, nobody can truly commit to anything and without optimism, positive outcomes become scarce.
Democracy is more vindictive than cabinets, the wars of peoples will be more terrible than those of kings.
Your passion may determine what you can do, but your attitude redefines how far you can go while you do what you can. Your attitude leads you and you lead other people!
You are likely to lose the heat of your passion irrespective of how hot it was when you surrender yourself to a leader with lukewarm attitude.
You can’t perform well in what you don’t love to do well. You can lead in what you can’t perform well. To lead well, be sure where you are, is where you supposed to be!
To become a distinguished entrepreneur, you need to have an undeniable, unquestionable and unmovable passion for your vision.
Pride grants you a happily never after.
Great romantics are granted lots of slack.
Resolving to influence and persuade others will require a degree of personal passion and a depth of caring that you are willing to express and act on. I can tell you this: it will make you feel very vulnerable. The only antidote is to believe you are after a worthwhile change and that you are likely to be the right one to lead this particular charge.
Dialogue teaches you to listen through your emotions, not to become distracted or distanced from the truth because of them.
We have to accept that much of reality is ineffable and so to understand it we can't rely on words alone.
One should clearly know that " Every thought that one thinks and every action based on that thought, is taking us either closer to our principal purpose or away from it" Watch out then ....as thoughts become realities!
Every penny that has always been earned with integrity by a person to lead life with a real simplicity has only perhaps helped to serve Almighty & protect and preserve humanity in the society.
Believe in your ability to create the future. That's what leaders do-that is our job. Understand reality but never be imprisoned by it. Reality is a moment in time. The future has not yet been written-it is written by leaders.
A ruler must learn to persuade and not to compel... he must lay the best coffee hearth to attract the finest men... a good ruler has to learn his world's language... it's different for every world... the language of the rocks and growing things... the language you don't hear just with your ears... the Mystery of Life... not a problem to solve, but a reality to experience... Understanding must move with the flow of the process.
He who want to be great must first be a servant.
Revolution starts within our own heart, not on the street
If you have fallen down, you cannot go further down, so pick yourself up and aim high, you've got nothing to lose.
Never be fooled that you are not number one, they got it wrong, because you beat a bunch of sperms to be alive.
Attitude is that little thing that will make the most difference in the accomplishment of your goals.
By all means be submissive in the bedroom (if you are that way inclined), but don't be submissive to life. Being life's bitch is no fun at all. Life may play up in many ways, but it's up to you to take control, take charge and show life who's really calling the shots.
In the apocalyptic environment that is Los Angeles on fire, we should all be making a point to have a lot of sex, but no one seems particularly motivated. They need leaders, and sadly I am not up for the task.
It is a beautiful thing to be on fire for justice… there is no greater joy than inspiring and empowering others––especially the least of these, the precious and priceless wretched of the earth!
A warrior doesn’t worry. He or she evaluates the situation, investigates the source, calculates the risks and benefits, formulates a plan then puts it into action.
Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy and the make the most of where you are.
Winning doesn't necessarily mean you'll walk away with a trophy. Sometimes winning means you dared to show up at all to see the shocked look of your rivals.
A bird cannot fly upward if each wing is flapping in a different direction.
Noble leaders choose: wisdom over wealth, knowledge over fame, understanding over honor, virtue over titles, and people over power.
At the different stages of recognition, reflection, and redress, practicing compassion provides potentially world-saving opportunities which otherwise likely would not exist.
If you are too good to look after God’s trash, you are not good enough to look after God’s treasure.
A tree does not despair when its fruit falls to the ground, because it knows in due time, its seeds will rise.
Taking a step in the dark is braver than taking a leap in light.
If people are not dancing to your tune, change the song.
Be like the sun; warm to everyone, even your enemies.
Ask for a fish, and you only get one; ask for a net, and you can catch dozens.
For a better world, we need education. nevertheless, more than education, we need people with common sense.
If you want people to dance to your tune, sing beautiful songs.
Don't burn your bridges until you build better ones.
the pen is as wise as the mind that speaks through it
Roses do not bloom the same time as daisies.
Many people get visited by the Lord in a given time but lack the wisdom to navigate in it.
Don't judge a lion by its swimming abilities.
When you strike the shepherd you strike the sheep.
A lion does not take orders from sheep.
The bigger the victory, the bigger the battle. Still, be the light and a change agent for healing, restoration and transformation.
Try to get the important things right at all the time, even at the cost of being right.
The different kinds of work require different people to perform the task. You must fulfil your specific task.
Keep calm and keep learning.
When you are on a great mission, look simple;think and act complexly
Only the king that has succeeded in subduing his senses is competent to resist his foes.
Today I am leading because yesterday I was reading.
A single man is minority, a leader is the majority.
The children are the future, so, let's tell them about tomorrow's hope rather than yesterday's despair.
So many people think that they are not gifted because they don’t have an obvious talent that people can recognize because it doesn’t fall under the creative arts category—writing, dancing, music, acting, art or singing. Sadly, they let their real talents go undeveloped, while they chase after fame. I am grateful for the people with obscure unremarked talents because they make our lives easier---inventors, organizers, planners, peacemakers, communicators, activists, scientists, and so forth. However, there is one gift that trumps all other talents—being an excellent parent. If you can successfully raise a child in this day in age to have integrity then you have left a legacy that future generations will benefit from.
a true leader must be able to command with an iron fist, not just a humble heart.
A true leader is not meant to be greeted with unanimous praise by his people. A leader is meant to be questioned, to be suspect, to be hated. If he is not, then one can easily assume that either he has not challenged his abilities as a leader by making a decision that creates a split between the people, or he is forcing his subjects to bow before him.
As the prevailing voices in the public spotlight are predominantly men, stepping into the spotlight with the truth of who you are as a woman is political change.
We are endowed with different kinds of gifts for different kinds of services.
‪#‎STEREOTYPES‬ ‪#‎SOCIETY‬ ‪#‎COMPATIBILITY‬ ‪#‎BREAKTHROUGH‬Stereotypes?? What are they?? WE ARE SOCIETY, WE MAKE SOCIETY..WE ARE NOT MARRIED TO SOCIETY,WE LIVE IN IT!
But a society in which pluralism is not undergirded by some shared values and held together by some measure of mutual trust simply cannot survive. Pluralism that reflects no commitments whatever to the common good is pluralism gone berserk... ..Leaders unwilling to seek mutually workable arrangements within systems to their own are not surviving the long-term interest of their constituents
The easiest thing for a person is to accept everything as it is and adjust with everyone in the surroundings by sacrificing or compromising originality, but it's also the worst thing if he proclaims that he has changed himself.
The unity of Nigeria will only come if we overcome and overgrow tribe, materialism and selfish human nature.
For our society to be better, we must revive our conscience and do Godly things.
Psychological pseudoscience dies hard, especially when there are commercial interests at stake.
The person following is never in control, which she knows full well and which is exactly why she does it.
Leadership was not an act of bravery but rather forbearance and the strength to move forward with humility in the belief of what is righteous
Balance hangs in the fingers of Peace
Look Fabian, the world is full of sheep, don’t settle for being a sheep, even if you do reside over those creatures, act more like a Ram.
Never overestimate the strength of the torchbearer's arm, for even the strongest arms grow weary.
There isn't a soul in this universe with the same gifts, strength, level of intelligence and as good as yourself!
Strong leaders are not the ones who do everything right. They are the ones to put a plan together, take risks, make mistakes, humbly admit their mistakes, take responsibility for failures, make necessary changes, do not fear correction, and with the trust of their followers and the team of which they were leading! -Clarity:Focusing on what matters / Week 40
It takes strong, sound leadership, that correspondingly rare commodity, which is afflicted with neither an excess of pity nor callousness, to stand against the insipid tide of superficiality that is sweeping the world.
Let out your heat!Unleash your imaginationLet the burning fragrance of your unimpeachable imaginationsparkle through the morning’s you.At night, let the stoical sweat of your day ease your musclesRelax your feet.You will need them to walk again tomorrow
A nation is not defined by its borders or the boundaries of its land mass Rather, a nation is defined by adverse people who have been unified by a cause and a value system and who are committed to a vision for the type of society they wish to live in and give to the future generations to come.
Withheld potential is a "CRIME TO HUMANITY
Great men have great discipline.
One thing I've learned in life is that I can speak for myself, that I can fight my own battles. I don't like anyone telling me how I'm supposed to feel or think or what I'm supposed to say.
Your craft is comprehensive if it represents you.
Your purpose will be clear only when you listen to your heart.
No matter what, you can only live this moment.
God doesn't need me to believe in Him. Believing in myself satisfies him just as much.
Since I got rid of syndicated and indoctrinated media my life is a product of what I seek and not what I am told. I recommend everyone in the age of information to demand more of what they seek rather simply pushing the favorite list on their remote control.
I don't have much time' is a lousy excuse. There is always time, what we you don't have is the skills to manage the time.
Everybody must be given the opportunity for self liberation and development.
In life, you get what you believe you deserve.
We must humble ourselves before [others] so we may learn from what others have lived. It is only when we have added their expertise to our own that we can truly excel towards our most ambitious goals and reach our fullest potential.
No obstacle is so big that one person with determination can't make a difference.
At the heart of all sales and marketing is the ability to create demand even in the absence of logic.
The real challenge is for each of us to determine where we feel we can make the most impact.
Pivoting is not the end of the disruption process, but the beginning of the next leg of your journey.
Success doesn't teach as many lessons as failure
To be successful, innovation is not just about value creation, but value capture.
No one who ever led a nation got there by following the path of another.
You'll never know how close you are to victory if you give up.
Most startup failures result from entrepreneurs who are better at making excuses than products.
Every threat to the status quo is an opportunity in disguise.
A free and open Internet is a despot's worst enemy.
The best big idea is only going to be as good as its implementation.
Smart entrepreneurs learn that they must fail often and fast.
Our world's future is far more malleable and controllable than most people realize.
The customer is always right...even when they're wrong.
Those that recognize the inevitability of change stand to benefit the most from it.
The joy of disruption comes from accepting that we all live in a temporal state.
Billions of dollars worth of research knowledge lie dormant at American universities waiting for the right disruptor to come along and create a business.
Crowdsourcing is the ultimate disruptor of distribution because in a most Zen-like fashion, the content is controlled by everyone and no one at the same time.
The power of crowd sourcing always remains with the crowd, not the technological implementation.
Lifelong learning is no longer a luxury but a necessity for employment.
Speed to fail should be every entrepreneur's motto. When you finally find the one idea that can't be killed, go with it.
Your energy is a valuable resource, distribute it wisely.
An average idea enthusiastically embraced will go farther than a genius idea no one gets.
Insight and drive are all the skills you need. Everything else can be hired.
The most important tool you have on a resume is language.
Be the best at what you do or the only one doing it.
Starting each day with a positive mindset is the most important step of your journey to discovering opportunity.
The difference between successful and unsuccessful people is that successful ones know that the most unprofitable thing ever manufactured is an excuse.
If life, you get what you believe you deserve.
A career is just a longer trip with a whole lot more baggage.
You will have more regrets for the things you didn't try than the ones you tried and didn't succeed at.
Building a career or a company is about living a few years of your life like most people won't so that you can spend the rest of your life living at a level most people can't.
You can truly have it all, just not all at the same time.
If you don't know where you want to be in five years, how do you ever expect to get there?
Plan for ways to get more enjoyment into your life and you will get more joy out of it.
Accepting that the odds are against you is the same as accepting defeat before you begin.
Whether driven by ambition or circumstance, every career gets disrupted.
Data has no ego and makes an excellent co-pilot.
Corporate planning cycles are a classic example of generals fighting the last war over again instead of preparing for what might lie ahead.
A disruptor finds opportunity and profit from his misfortunes.
A dream with a deadline is a goal.
A negative mind will never find success. I have never heard a positive idea come from a person in a negative state.
Problems are just businesses waiting for the right entrepreneur to unlock the value.
The most successful people have the same twenty-four hours in a day that you do.
If you can imagine a solution, you can make it happen.
It is not incumbent on the world to conform to your vision of change. It is up to you to explain the future in terms that those living in the past and present can follow.
CEOs will gladly overpay for a company if the acquisition enables them to keep their jobs.
There are two types of people in this world: those whose look for opportunity and those who make it happen.
The business world is littered with the fossils of companies that failed to evolve. Disrupt or be disrupted. There is no middle ground.
You have a choice: pursue your dreams, or be hired by someone else to help them fulfill their dreams.
All businesses -- no matter if they make dog food or software -- don't sell products, they sell solutions.
There is a difference between failing and failure. Failing is trying something that you learn doesn't work. Failure is throwing in the towel and giving up.
There are riches to be found simply by capturing the value released through others' disruptive breakthroughs.
The majority of people are not willing to risk what they have built for the opportunity to have something better.
Would you rather work forty hours a week at a job you hate or eighty hours a week doing work you love?
Disruption isn't about what happens to you, it's about how you respond to what happens to you.
All Disruption starts with introspection.
Disruption causes vast sums of money to flow from existing businesses and business models to new entrants.
Self-disruption is akin to undergoing major surgery, but you are the one holding the scalpel.
What are we if we are not disciplined?
You gotta make it a priority to make your priorities a priority.
If you cannot see where you are going, ask someone who has been there before.
Authority to dream is not given, it is taken. Take it. Do not let the judgment of others be the final word. Without a doubt, if there is a one-word, one-step cure for bad peg moments, that word is perseverance. Let that be your final word.
Our place of birth is not so much as important as our place of berth, yet we can't moore. If we do we know our birthplace for the first time.
Divorce = Rebirth: forget the past, replan your life, improve your appearance & REJUVENATE!
Do the things you like to be happier, stronger & more successful. Only so is hard work replaced by dedication.
If we could eliminate the concept of town and return to live in small villages, all world problems were solved.
Divorce is the start point for a brand new life. Don't lose the chance to redesign it upon your dreams!
Let your projects be independent organisms. They will develop their own beautiful architecture.
The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves, and this is the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of their life.
The only way to follow your path is to take the lead.
Your decisions will determine your destination. “No decision” is the decision to be just how you were at where you had been.
I admire successful men and women who endured and overcome unusual circumstances to fulfill their dreams.
Leadership is inherent in our nature and is fundamental to our origins, our human makeup –and our destiny.
Every woman is called to lead somebody somewhere to do something great!
Be the author, not the reader, of your own life.
If you refuse to accept what is, and choose to see what could be, then you set a course for yourself that makes others take notice of you, respect you, revere you. It is then that they become objects of your destiny instead of you playing a support role in theirs.
One of the most deadly causes of destruction of divine destinies is when a leader is failing, but he or she does not know it. Ignorance about your role is a death plot against people's successes.
Om meditation eliminates rigid and fixed views about the world. It creates a spacious, flexible and open views about the world.
Dialogue reminds us that we can question to build, not only to doubt or deconstruct.
It seems to be most leaders have more conventional wisdom, but creative leaders have better common sense.
Creative leadership can be described as “adaptability meets agility,” and “innovation meets principles.
Positive energy is unleashed when leaders give themselves permission to connect and express themselves from the core of who they are. When leaders practice authenticity, creativity, engagement, confidence, and a sense of inner resourcefulness emerge.
Authenticity is our natural state of being. The authentic self is a state of being where we are centered, creative, adaptive, and inspired.
Silence leads us back to our purpose, and it ignites creativity and vision.
The future is a direction, not a destination.
Human beings are not separate from nature. We are nature. The beauty of the sunset is your own beauty. The power of the ocean is your power. We are inseparable from the beauty of the mountains, rivers, and forests that surround us. The more that you can allow your natural self to come out – to honour your natural beauty, your natural creativity, your natural thirst for leadership and compassion – the happier and healthier you’ll be.
Leave Your Comfort Zone, If You Want To Accomplish Something.
Genius moves to creation, not to destruction. Only a very few have combined both.
Entrepreneur, take a bite out of Apple's innovation so in turn you can bear fruits of creativity.
Culture is the sum of the values, beliefs and assumptions of human groups.
Innovation can start with wanting what does not yet exist - and finding a solution - or seeing what does not yet exist - and finding an opportunity.
If your looking to write a book, your creativity, originality and simplicity is what will distinguish you.
The best way to encourage out of the box thinking is to draw the box correctly in the first place.
Many of the cataclysmic leadership failures were failures of rationality. The pendulum of leadership development needs to swing back toward the rational: strategy, creativity, foresight, decision-making, and analytics.
Wake up, it's your time to shine. You are the gift the world is waiting for. Stop being so selfish by hiding it. How much longer do we have to wait for your magnificence to shine light on our darkness?
Don't just think out of the box, stand on the box to see new possibilities and opportunities in becoming distinguished.
Everybody starts small. We all begin life as a single cell. Every business starts as one person with an idea. How fast you go, how far you get, is in your hands. The bigger your vision, the bigger your achievement will be. Will you stumble on the way? Perhaps, but we cannot let fear keep us small. We have to be brave to be big.
impossibility exist only in the weak minds
Great people never sleep because their dreams keep them awake and striving.
Your only limitation is the limits of your imagination so dream big.
You are responsible for everything you post and everything you post will be a reflection of you. [Social Media]
The knowledge of the Spirit is the true secret of creativity, leadership and happiness. It is spiritual intelligence that makes an ordinary person a genius. When a genius loses his spiritual intelligence, he becomes quite ordinary.
Disruptive innovation is entrepreneurs changing their industry with unique creativity.
Very few managers know how to effectively tap the biggest source of performance improvement available to them: namely, the creativity and knowledge of the people who work for them.
An entrepreneur is a leader of excellence, trailblazer and pioneer who constantly brings change to their generation.
Work as if there's no one to help you, and learn as if everybody is with you.
Strategy was first used in Athens (508 BC) to describe the art of leadership used by the ten generals on the war council. Some argue for the more creative, human side, while others argue for the more analytic side of strategy.
Let's make a deal, if you don't blame me for your failures I won't take credit for your successes.
Follow few. Lead many. Walk with some. Embrace all.
It takes more than one individual to make a team.
The real power of a leader is in the number of minds he can reach, hearts he can touch, souls he can move, and lives he can change.
Outstanding success in life, leadership, business, marriage and ministry always come down to a test of whether or not you will make a sacrifice when no one else is watching. The key to our success is what we will do when no one will applaud us or even notice us.
The reward is in the middle of hard work for a reason.
Successful people go through fear to get to where they are.
Standing on the shoulders of the great allows you to see further than everyone.
The shores safety keeps many from the oceans treasures.
Following your dreams is better than being led by your fears.
The greater the pressure the brighter the diamond.
Follow your dreams, not the crowd.
Dream the impossible.See the invisible.Pursue the intangible.Achieve the incredible.
You lose nothing if by losing a friend you win countless admirers
It is through aversion to hardship that great ideas are born, but it is only through acceptance of it that these ideas can be implemented
The experience of the expert is an advantage to them only for as long as it enables them to learn faster than the novice
A good manager will always have the big picture in mind and guide the employees through a series of small targets in order to achieve overall success.
Visualize yourself at your best. Be determined to earn the proud badge of excellence. By working hard and practicing, one day you will earn its golden title.
Everyone is a business person. You must be in the business of managing your time. Managing your time means managing your life. Good time managers are good life managers, and vice versa.
Serious businesses and lenders will tell you that managing your cash flow is one of the most important aspects in the health of any business. Managing you time flow is key to a healthy and successful life, because, Time is equal to Life. The quality of time expenditure is in direct proportion to the quality of life enjoyed.
It must start by knowing Time = Life. Spending your life on impulse will lead to a broke life, just like impulse buying leads to an empty wallet! How much value you place on your time reflects in the activities that consume your time.
So why don’t we take the step of setting goals for ourselves? One reason that stands out is that we aren’t willing to accept full responsibility for our lives. If we don’t set goals, then we don’t have to reach them. Another excuse is that goal setting has never been part of our lives or culture. As a result, we may end up mixing with people who have no clear idea where they are headed, becoming a person who “follows the followers.
The reward for goal-setting is that as you achieve each goal, you feel in charge of your own destiny, with every moment taken up productively. Self-esteem increases and it becomes easier to remain motivated. So set those high goals and make clear plans for their execution.
Stop judging yourself on the basis of your appearance or condition of present circumstances. You may have an old car, in debt, job stress, and a troubled relationship, but they are not a true reflection of you as long as you are working on the vision of what you will be years from now.
Concentrate on your strengths and talents to change your situation, and avoid those pity-parties. Absorbing the blows and present pain is a quality of greatness. Measure yourself against the goals and standards you have set for yourself, rather than comparing yourself to others and feeling discouraged or useless.
Your age reflects or measures the rate at which you have been spending life. Every one born into this world is given life and that life is measured in units of time. Spending time means spending life, wasting time means wasting life. Getting value out of time means, getting value out of life. Time does not stop moving because we stopped working with purpose, meaning life does not stop or take a break even when you plan to go on vacation. You never stop spending time, even when you don’t have a penny in your pocket.
The question is, do you have deliberate plans for your life? Do you have intentions with you time? God planned that there should be a time for everything and for every season, meaning you can plan for everything and every season in your life! You may ask, 'Is that possible?” I say, “It’s up to you!
You make the plans - otherwise you will die thinking it is not possible to plan to have time for work, for exercise, for sleep, for relaxation, for recreation, for eating, for entertainment, for love, for family, for spirituality, for friends, for personal reflection, for personal development, for business, for charity all in one life!
There must be a season for everything that measures what success means to you, there must be a deliberately scheduled time slot for the things that are important to you. Wishing is not enough, deliberate plans followed by deliberate actions make it possible.
Not planning for your time expenditure simply means deliberately intending to fail.
Consistently turning up for meetings late, is a statement saying you have no respect for the person you are meeting or for the purpose of the meeting, or both. You are sending a clear message that this person or the reason for your meeting is not important to you.
Everything you love, enjoy, respect or value will somehow find top priority, even without excessive conscious reminders. Show respect through the way you manage time, especially when others are involved or affected.
Some people choose to lead, others to follow. Success is not primarily a matter of circumstances or native talent or even intelligence — it is a choice. Your beliefs, passion, values, enthusiasm, relationships, interpersonal skills and how they are blended, will move you further ahead towards success.
Without clarity and motivation, your vision will remain a wish in dream-land… It takes an action-centred and results-driven work ethic to execute your duties and responsibilities, to make your success more deliberate.
A mission without action is equally ineffective and futile as action without mission. Use the “power of precision,” and remember language shapes thought and thought shapes action.
Your new challenge is to redesign your time allocations. Your strategic focus determines where your time resources will be mainly invested. Prioritise acting out your own script, make your own movie instead of spending too much time watching others at work through the TV. It is surprising the number of unsuccessful people who spend all their time resources on the social media platforms following the lives of the successful. Make the news, be the leader and let others follow you. Align you priorities and balance your activities.
The setting of SMART goals has been written about extensively over the decades, but will only be as useful as the extent to which its principles are used.
There is need to focus on selling an emotional experience instead of a mere product or service - the impression you make on others must be lasting and permanent. These experiences have to be positive and worth remembering. This will increase the chances of repeat business and referrals, guaranteeing customer loyalty. And that is what sustains businesses, brands and careers for generations! The principle remains the same for comedians, actors, footballers, musicians, sales executives or any other area of specialty.
You cannot offer quality experiences as an isolated island. Learn to work well with others on the success train. Respect those you work with and appreciate their contribution in making you the best at what you do.
Your life is connected to other key support structures that you must never neglect, including family, fans, supporters, affiliations, professional associations, religious membership and others. Your membership to such groupings must add value to others whilst you equally get the benefit they are supposed to provide their members.
No matter how great you are at what you do, as long as you remain known only within your own family circles, then you and your talent will die in obscurity and irrelevance. Position yourself to influence the masses by having a media, marketing and communication strategy.
Tactical use of the media can be equated to power behind your skill or special ability. It is in the power of the media to help market your brand. You just need to look at Hollywood, European football, Bollywood, Nollywood, Global fashion & modeling, showbiz and even humanitarian efforts, to appreciate that the making and destroying of stars, initiatives and legends is to a greater extent influenced by the role played by the media.
The key questions and challenges that we must all continue to pose and remind this key sector (the media) should be, 'Do you realize the power you have, to build and to destroy; to promote success or failure; to bring life or death to a cause or talent; to give a platform or take it away?
If the African stars do not rise, are not known, remain obscure, their stories are not told – who and where is the African story teller? Your challenge if you are in the media is to continually ask if you are doing enough, using the appropriate strategies and at the right platforms. Let’s create and promote international and global stars with the talent and skills in our people, no one will do it for us.
Work is simply, “force x distance” or the product of a force applied to an object and the displacement of the object in the direction of the applied force…holding an object in the air does not involve any work, no matter how painful your hand will be after a few minutes… reflect on your daily activities and the results from them. Are you really working or just increasing your potential without progress or desired results? Your work must produce some movement, progress and change, by effectively using all your energies whether intellectual or physical.
If you are going to grow in personal effectiveness, you must become an excellent communicator. Achieving your goals and fulfilling your mission calls for communication excellence verbally, vocally and non-verbally. As you grow in this regard, you make forward strides towards significance – the capacity to make contributions that count and matter.
People and organisations should want to be associated with you as a brand. A sign of a depleted and irrelevant brand is unwillingness of your market or peers to associate with you.
If you can listen to yourself and obey yourself more, then you have increased your chances for attaining personal effectiveness.
Why do people seek one and not the other? It is the majorities that are led and they normally follow those who can help them meet their ever-present and growing needs. Question is, do you possess the kind of solutions they want? Are you well positioned to reach them or to be reachable by those who can benefit from your solution to their challenges?
To achieve your desired success you have to be effectively selling something and to be significant in impact, you must be teaching somehow. How effectively are you selling and how well are you teaching?
The world is always throwing challenges and questions - which ones does your mission and purpose respond to or seek to solve? Do you know your mission and have you clearly defined the life-issues you intend to address?
Selling and teaching demand that you develop your intrapersonal and interpersonal communication skills. You must be able to communicate with yourself as well as with others in a way that makes them buy your offering or benefit from the knowledge you want to impart.
So many voices are out there, both excellent and mediocre, do you have a credible solution for the needs of your target market or audience? … prove the authenticity of your substance. Do you have what it takes to make a difference? Whilst some come as talents, their development to excellence and maturity will not come without passion, resolve, productive work ethic and opportunity.
Who are you’ is a question of both substance and position. In other words, what is the authority of your voice, service, product or performance in relation to the needs of those you intend to serve? Secondly, have you defined and demystified yourself enough to be accepted as the solution of choice?
Have you positioned yourself to be reachable and accessible by those you seek to serve and make an impact on? Do they know where and how to find you, either physically or in the cyber realm? If they cannot reach you for whatever reason, then you have not done your homework, because you are supposed to have a strategy to reach them before they can even look for you! Otherwise someone else will meet them along the way as they look for you.
Sometimes you may feel like your life is submerged in life's relentless challenges, but you can develop the kind of internal substance in you that displaces every negativity, fear and self-doubt. Even if the challenges were bigger and heavy on your soul and life, the new attitude and belief within will displace every challenge before you - then the law of buoyancy will begin to force your challenges to be ejected out of your pathway to success.
At times the challenges will displace us or some of the things that are important to us. If we strengthen our belief system from within – those challenges must inevitably begin to float away and not take root or force us to sink.
Make a deliberate effort to feed your conscious and subconscious mind to achieve a well programmed mind frame, ready to succeed. Read the right material, watch the right material and listen to the right material. Practice and expose yourself to the right material so that you can form positive attitudes, positive feelings and positive habits. For each person, the right material is defined from their unique vision, mission, beliefs and values.
You feed the requisite substance through personal development efforts and position yourself strategically to allow the forces around you to create the path for your relevance and significance. You are not lifted by air, but by the substance inside you hitting the springboard of opportunity.
Making success deliberate means that you must make success a habit; and habits are a product of the subconscious mind. We call them habits because we can actually do them without being conscious of what we are doing. Things we end up doing without sitting down to think because we have done them so many times, thought about them so many times they are now imprinted onto our subconscious mind. If we could think about success so much, practice it so much more, then we imprint thoughts and seeds of success onto our subconscious that it becomes a habit.
Even if you bury me underground and put a concrete slab over the hole – one day you will wake up to find a crack in the concrete with a tiny green sprout shooting through. When you see that shoot – that will be me!
Skills and special abilities will only grow if you practice more. You become a star-performer by doing. Let performance and production of desired results become a consistent habit associated with your personal brand.
After you acquire knowledge and skill, aim to be a practitioner. Time for practice on the job or in life will still test your authenticity. Knowledge is one of the greatest sources of confidence, and you will need that confidence to do your work and demonstrate you know what you have been trained for.
You cannot bury someone with the Shereketa spirit for long. Even if they are thrown into problems, they will rise back up.
You are only as authentic as the substance you have inside you. Having others take your examinations or doing your assignments and projects is to reduce the level of authenticity of your qualification as well as your personal brand. Master your chosen area of study to the highest level and demonstrate that you have full knowledge as a specialist. Let the depth of your knowledge make you sought after and respected. Define yourself and be authentic.
Your life as an effective person must always have productivity surrounding all your efforts, there must be a sustained forward and upward trajectory in every area of your life. This is where the Shona Shereketa meets the Japanese Kaizen - you are moving and shaking past mediocrity on the basis of small but continuous improvements that will ultimately result in positive quality changes to your life.
Make sure your reading, studying or research are always adding value to the defined vision, mission, beliefs and values that form your unique personal brand.
Your growth and involvement must begin to show lasting footprints as you exude maximum effectiveness and significance. Your leadership influence must translate into a source of inspiration for your peers and those who look at you as a leader.
The question is what kind of stuff do you immerse your mind in? What kind of food does your brain feed on? What kind of exercise does it get and for what purpose? What do you spend time listening to? What thoughts do you entertain? All these are the processes that form the conveyor belt into your subconscious mind.
To succeed and create change, you must be willing to take the risk, with an understanding of a number of key elements. Please begin to understand that an entrepreneurial spirit is not only essential in business enterprise. We all have a business to run in our different areas of specialty. Your life is your business and your family is your business – you have multiple businesses.
An entrepreneurial spirit makes you someone who organizes, manages, and assumes the risks of a business enterprise, talent or calling to become an agent of change.
Entrepreneurship is the process of discovering new ways of combining resources to create change – in whatever area of life.
Money might be a reward (by-product) but should not always be the only goal of your efforts and enterprise.
Dreams are difficult to measure if they remain wishes – crystallise them into measurable goals with specific targets and action plans. Goals/objectives are easier to measure when broken down into tasks with clear targets and deadlines.
Choices and decisions must be supported by your passion, resolve and a productive work ethic. If these meet opportunity - your success has finally come!
Learn from mistakes and set-backs (yours and other people’s), pick yourself up, make necessary changes and try again. I once came across a saying that went something like, “The wise learn from the mistakes made by fools!” So at some point we all have been fools, I suppose, since we all make mistakes.
Take your mission and yourself very seriously. Stick to your schedule and keep time. Cut expenditure of time and money from non-core activities and redirect to those that give more value to the pursuit of your purpose. Never embark on your work or a project without a plan, even if it’s just a mental plan. Use the old carpenter’s rule – “Measure twice and cut once.” Do not leave room for substandard results.
Seek to develop your skill and talent to a level of relevance. Create a platform to shine and make sure you are bringing a difference to the areas that require your expertise. A pastor who does not teach or pray for people, a football player always playing pool, a body builder who doesn’t eat but sleeps all day, a student who studies only towards examinations, a politician without a cause and a business without a customer service culture all have one thing in common – sooner or later they will all become irrelevant. Never miss the chance to practice the call of your mission, even if you are not getting paid for it.
Every effective person must be able to sell and teach, whether in private or to a group in public. This applies equally to skills and talents as it does to products and services.
Always remember that every word you say contains power and you must ask yourself a few questions about your words; Are these words true and kind? Are these words relevant and necessary? Are these words effective for intentions? Reflect on what your words carry, they are a life-changing container!
Be stimulated to become significant. This might be your back-slap moment. New-born babies born with weak signs of life are given a slap on the back to “stimulate” them. It is a knock to wake them up to the reality that they must now take charge. In this world, they have to do their own breathing and their own eating otherwise they will not survive. It’s the same in your adulthood and your quest for success, you must take charge because no one will wake up every day to do things for you and make a success out of a life of excuses and laziness.
Positioning yourself and effective branding should not be left to sports and movie stars. Your need a personal coach, manager or mentor otherwise your expertise, skills or talent will not go far. You might have what it takes but sometimes you lack strategy and some finer elements.
Your personal development is your personal responsibility. No one can study or acquire knowledge for you. There are things only you can do, to bring the change or the results you require to make progress in life.
If you want to excel in any endeavour you must pay attention to detail, know exactly what you want, have the detail on how you want it done and how you will get it done. You must realize the importance of definitions and love defining things in your life and about your life – Define your mission, define your problem, define your future, define your path and the finer details of your vision. Use your sense of imagination and creativity.
Your attitude should not settle for the average when you have what it takes to become the best. You excel by choice and you must be focused like a laser beam. Even the sun, powerful as it is, will not be able to burn a hole into a piece of paper until a magnifying glass is used to channel the power of its rays onto one spot. Focus your intellect and your knowledge to get excellent results.
No matter how much I care for you I cannot grow for you, you have to do your own growing – it’s your personal responsibility. Make a plan on how you will get the skills and experience required to become a practitioner of note in your area of choice.
Do not lose focus because of small wins or temporary set-backs. You can only score if you keep your eyes on the ball and be certain of where you want to place it even if you are not in physical sight of the goal. Visualise the dream but never take your eyes off the dynamic plan of action.
You must be willing to be disciplined as well as make personal sacrifices. It takes discipline to go through rigorous training and study programs. You need a coach or coaches and sometimes mates to help you stick to your planned program in execution of your responsibilities. To be excellent and effective, the non-essentials must give up time and space in your life – some sacrifices have to be made. Work hard and work smart.
Even if you are counted amongst the best, you will slip into mediocrity by remaining comfortable being the worst of the best. You might be relevant, but because your level of effectiveness is in the bottom tier and your impact minimal – you will soon become obscure as your relevance begins to wear off.
Shift from mediocrity to excellence. Mediocrity and Excellence are like jealous suitors fighting for a partner and competing to please him/her, to the extent they do all they can to reproduce in sets of twins. Mediocrity gives birth to Irrelevance and Obscurity, whilst Excellence breeds Relevance and Significance. These sets of twins cannot inhabit the same life, only one compatible pair can co-exist.
Review and question what you already know or have. In most ball sports and games, you confirm whether you have scored by checking whether the ball has gone into the goal or hit its target. So evaluation of results means that you must look at your goal to see if the ball has hit its target. Look at your educational aspirations or dreams and say “am I on track to meet my 2020 PhD target?
Make adjustments and improvements to enhance the effectiveness of meetings or surpassing of your target. Learn to define, quantify and be specific about what, how and when you want to succeed in each area of your life.
Shereketa” is a Shona word ordinarily meaning to fidget, to be restless, and to show discomfort. Whilst this word has largely been used negatively, the Shereketa principle channels it into a different dimension to be used positively for success. Shereketa re–defined refers to deliberate movements, actions and adjustments inspired by the calling to excellence & success, driven by a conviction against and a growing discomfort with mediocrity. The movements and actions take place in two realms - the inner spirit/convictions of your heart and the outer execution platforms of your physical and material world (Shereketa within and Shereketa without).
Deliberately and purposefully schedule meetings with yourself. These are the most important meetings in the life of one who intends to make their success deliberate. During these meeting you do much of the quality and honest communication with yourself. This is besides the conversations you are always carrying on with yourself in your own head or audibly. That doesn’t mean you are crazy, we all do it and we just need to improve the quality and positivity of those conversations.
Be disciplined enough to choose your network and be willing to sacrifice the circles that reduce your effectiveness and make you unproductive.
You are in obscurity when you are still needed but no one cares a lot what you say or think, or even where you are working from. You have no voice or presence that makes you relevant. Grow your voice.
The biblical preacher talks about the poor man’s wisdom that saved a city but he was immediately forgotten. A poverty of ideas, contributions, uniqueness or influence, will overshadow the visibility of good potential. Keep those ideas flowing and you will not be forgotten.
Some people are known, they have the platform and presence, but still remain irrelevant. They know you and what you do, but they don’t need you or your offering. I see too many people with a platform but without substance, again this is not sustainable. Lack of substance can only relegate your talent or skill towards the league of the mediocre, if at all you become much by superficial branding then you will become the best of the worst. You don't have what it takes but you depend on your ability to sell substandard offerings to the market. It will not last for long, but quickly become irrelevant.
Understand that every ‘voice’ has the spirit to influence. Watch your tone, accent, volume and speed. Be careful that you don’t sound angry or argumentative whenever driving an important point. Equally important, is not sounding serious or sounding playful when the message being conveyed needs to be taken seriously.
The obvious signs of a brand gone wrong are the levels of negative headlines it consistently attracts. People talking about you for all the negative and wrong reasons. You begin to shoot yourself in the foot and you have become your own enemy. The gospel about you should be good enough to create relevance and significance - or rather to confirm that.
You must learn to accept that humans make mistakes, but when the same issue is repeated over and over without corrective strategies to plug the holes, then you must expect negative impact on your definition of success. It is normal to make a mistake, but learn, face the consequences, get back up and march on. If you want to be different or stand out as a brand, then your actions, habits, behaviours and decisions must reflect that 'you care about what people think or say about you.
The results you are churning out are a direct or indirect reflection of what you allowed into your life. Unlearning what you already know and practice is no easy task, but sometimes it’s necessary for the programming or re-programming that must take place for success to be made deliberate.
Study to acquire knowledge - not just to get a certificate or promotion. Acquisition of knowledge is key to the programming or reprogramming of your mind and expanding your frame of reference. Choose the areas of study in line with your vision and mission as well as your strengths and interests. Make sure you seek opportunities to practice and implement the new information and knowledge you gain from your study.
It is imperative that you grow, because your personal growth and development is one of the most important things to you. Your growth is good for you – it must be deliberate.
No matter how much I care for you, you have to do your own growing – it’s your personal responsibility. Muscles do not grow by reading but by lifting weights. Exam grades do not improve by wishing but by studying.
Connect by listening well and speaking relevantly without being prejudiced or sarcastic. Learn to listen with your eyes as much as you listen with your ears. Generate interest in the person and subject, that way people will become more interested in you.
Don’t do things or act out your posture and gestures to impress people, just be yourself and portray the confident ‘you’ with that high self-esteem. So relax because you are ‘you’. Be sincere, be authentic. That will be impressive enough.
Appearance matters, we see your presentation before we get a chance to sample the substance within. You might miss a chance for the latter.
Don’t be intimidated and at the same time don’t intimidate.
Bathing is not negotiable! So is brushing your teeth and washing your underwear, so that you always have a fresh inviting scent around you. People should want to be around you, not avoid you because of unfriendly odours coming out of your mouth, shoes or armpits. Do the best with what you have; even the old can be made clean and hygienic to improve your image.
The trusted quality and power of the believed sponsor of your words will have a big impact on the power released in and through your words. You should have sufficient sponsorship to counter the kind of words you do not want to influence your life, thoughts and mission. Contrary words and convincing voices will encounter you on the route to your destiny and they need to be countered with strong conviction and authority.
Never underestimate the power of thought. It takes days and nights of pre-meditating ideas, thoughts, pictures and visions of what you would call success. Allow your mind to be pregnant with the thought of success and how you want to achieve it. This will enable you not to be shocked by your own success when you finally achieve it, because you would have lived it countless times before.
When your own success shocks you, you fail to sustain it and it becomes a curse instead of a blessing. Think through issues and make considerations before you encounter the real situation. Companies invest billions in research and development, including models and simulations to increase chances of success – all in an attempt to make success deliberate for a particular project.
Whilst your memory is as sharp as the most reliable computer, it is always wiser to write things down. Pre-meditation helps the refining process, taking out the undesirable elements from a dream or vision, even mounting the courage to face and overcome challenges before they appear in reality.
Deliberately feed your subconscious mind by acquiring quality input through the conscious and sensory mind. You need to be aware of your need to be successful in life or any of its endeavours. You need to be aware of your potential and possess the strong desire to succeed. Success is possible and you deserve to succeed.
You must succeed! Not by accident, but deliberately! You are able to succeed – now you must be willing to succeed and this must reflect in the way you spend your life.
The accumulation of beliefs, knowledge and experiences contribute to our level of success and progress in life, however they also introduce the reality that we are all prejudiced. If not well managed, our personal prejudices can become the mental prison we lock ourselves inside or we use to shut others out. You need to deal with this likely impediment to a success-driven lifestyle.
First accept the reality that we are all prejudiced because we have things and issues we have biases towards or against, based on our beliefs, thoughts and experiences. Accept that it is possible to differ on opinions, beliefs and philosophies without necessarily becoming inhumane or acrimonious towards each other.
Doubt is a result of more than one internal voice giving differing and contradicting instructions and suggestions concerning a situation or a phase of your success journey. The triggering suggestions may be internal or external factors igniting internal conflict and uncertainty in the face of adversity. Yet inside of you must rise up a voice of authority which silences the disempowering shouts of unbelief. You need to have a deliberate plan to develop that internal voice of authority.
Leave no room for fear and excuses. Be strong in spirit and possess unwavering convictions. Choose to be an optimist and commit to succeed.
Train your emotions to listen to your fundamental empowering beliefs. Be principle-centred and values-driven.
Never stop asking questions. Always take time to reflect and find answers. Stop, Think and Use Your Brain!
Your words are powerful containers, carrying blessings or curses depending on what is inside of you. If you harbour bitterness in you, you will speak spitefully and create hurt and hatred in those you speak with. If there is love inside of you, you will release pleasant and caring words that create appreciation, gratitude and warmth in those around you.
There should always be a deliberate crafting and packaging of the words you speak so that they produce the kind of results you desire. Enough research has been done in every religion and belief system to support the truth that words have power to create or destroy. This is the reason why all major religions say their prayers. However, your words can only be as powerful and as effective as their sponsor. The words must possess the right substance.
Let your resolution and confession be, 'I will change these things because I want to succeed, and I want to succeed because it will bring me the happiness I seek and desire.
Slipping into bad attitudes and habits is like a beautiful queen growing older and uglier compared to the defined mission and personal standards. Time and again everyone who is serious about making their success more deliberate needs to stop by the mirror in their own mind and ask, “Mirror, mirror in my mind, am I still on course to succeed in life?
You should be able to criticize and evaluate yourself before others do it. Check for congruity between your defined mission, vision, values and your practiced attitude, behaviour and habits.
The best way for reflection and self-assessment is to hold meetings with yourself. I will pardon you for missing some other meetings, but you must never have an excuse for missing the board meetings you need to hold with yourself – I call these “board meetings between me, myself and I”. The three of us in one place, in a no-holds-barred meeting, where life-changing resolutions are reached to craft my journey to success. As board members we give each other honest feedback.
Once you make the requisite personal commitment to make your success deliberate, that commitment must translate into a definition of higher personal standards meant to depict the true impression of what you have become or are becoming within.
You first compete with yourself before competing against others; if you cannot beat your last best result, do not be surprised if it seems difficult to compete against external competitors.
Generate great impressions. This is a direct result of setting higher standards for yourself in your speech, dress, living environment, grooming, etiquette, study, research and commitment.
You must first become – before you are appointed, conferred or pronounced. Unfortunate challenges and failures are likely to be manifested whenever conferment precedes becoming what you aim to be. Be ready to maturely handle success.
It is amazing, the number of business executives and senior leaders who get to be appointed and elevated to positions of authority on the basis of technical competences whilst lacking essential grooming on basic good manners and customs of conduct that must come from the home training process.
Are you conscious of the scent or odour emanating from your mouth, arm pits, stockings or elsewhere? Are you friendly to your environment? Is your dressing, hair style and make up in line with your defined mission and values? How can you start managing your image and brand for a consistently good impression all the time? Does your image reflect your aspirations?
If you just want to do something because it is a customary new year resolution, then soon enough the year will get a bit older, and the strength of your decision will also begin to wear off.
Build relationships and friendships by finding common experiences or interests instead of getting discouraged by noticeable differences.
If you are not sure or you don’t know something, politely ask. Asking is not a sign of being daft, but of confidence.
Allow others to talk about themselves instead of being obsessed about telling them or bragging about yourself and your possessions and achievements. Show a genuine interest in others and allow them to tell their story so you can share the conversation.
Emotions or feelings stem from your attitude and they become the basis on which you decide or act. All decisions, choices and actions have some kind of underlying emotional influence. To change the way you feel about someone or something you must first change the way you think about them.
It will take faith, to know success can still be attained regardless of unfairness or disadvantages availed by any system you operate within.
In life, all things are not constant or equal, the inequalities are so loud; change and uncertainty are the order of the day. It is these changes, inequalities and uncertainties that make it more imperative that you deliberately plan your way to success.
You can use and see the power of words contributing towards your success, and this comes from having an empowering belief system. Living and functioning from an empowering belief system is the spring board for making your success more deliberate.
Without faith, it is impossible to succeed. It takes faith to grow, change or move out of your comfort zone. All external interventions become futile without the personal and internalized buy-in from the spirit-man who needs to change towards a given success destination.
When you face challenges, threats and prospects for failure, when you are out of money or job, when health is deteriorating and death seems to beckon – any hope for success against all those odds takes a solid empowering belief system that will believe – hope is still there. You must choose to adopt positive and empowering beliefs.
At a higher level you are influenced by deity and the spiritual. Even atheism is based on the belief that there is no God or gods, without deity-acknowledging religion it has no foundation or basis. What is your divine influence, doctrine and reservoir of inspiration to tackle or create the tangible out of the realm of the unseen and the spiritual?
You need to realize there will always be beliefs that seek to limit and others that seek to stretch you to your highest potential. Just because you cannot see or do something, does not mean it is not there or cannot be done.
Programming means your mindset, thought processes and frame of reference must be correctly wired and mapped to enable the incubation of thoughts and ideas that lead to success. Your subconscious mind is key in this process and will always look for ways and means, night and day, to fulfil and implement the thoughts that are always fed into it. It is your faithful servant. I call it the connection between God and man. It is an essential part of the human spirit.
Positive empowering beliefs will enable you to solidify a vision and mission that can bring you to a life of relevance and significant impact. Remember whatever you believe is true - to you. These beliefs must be programmed into your mind – by you (though you will still get input outside your own initiative).
Your values, as guiding principles, will influence your attitude towards yourself, life, other people, work and even challenges or success itself. Your values are a product of your beliefs.
Attitude is the mind-set, the kind of thoughts you process and meditate on, to generate the kind of feelings you have towards life, people and issues. This is what makes you do what you do in the way you do it.
No one can change your attitude or another person’s attitude – only you can decide to change your own attitude by influencing the whole value chain from programs running in your subconscious mind to beliefs and values you strongly hold.
We don’t have the same backgrounds, we do not possess the same skills or talents, we are not from the same generation, and neither do we have access to the same platform to shine. Things are not equal and life is not constant – there will never be the so-called level playing field.
Behaviours and habits are therefore the end result of the entire value chain and cannot be changed in a sustainable manner by scratching the surface - you have to dig deeper. This is why jail time, threats and sanctions without appropriate rehabilitation programs will not change a person unless they embark on a personal journey/program to initiate the process of change from the inner core – how the programs in their brain are wired to influence their beliefs.
Identify and replace any limiting deep-rooted beliefs that are like a solid mental prison, including thoughts like, 'I’m not worthy,' 'I can’t do this,' 'I’m too old to start,' 'I don’t have the qualification or skills to become a better person,' 'I’m always the unlucky one,' 'I have nothing to give/say or contribute
Because it took you years to become so negative, doubting and dis-empowered – it must now become your daily journey to a life-time of positivity and empowering thoughts, words, actions and beliefs.
Deliberately plan to be exciting and to be excited.
Be deliberate about what you choose to read, watch or listen to – these are source codes to your internal programming.
The deep desire for success must cause a dream to rise to the surface and inspire you to action. The dream must be supported in the physical and natural realm to help you believe more and more in the possibility of its realization.
You must first move from mediocrity to relevance in the realm of your dream, before it can translate into a driving passion that fuels your success. There are no impossibilities in a dream, there are no figures that are too big or obstacles that are unscalable, no distances too far or expertise considered too small – there is unlimited possibility in a dream. Your dream must be bigger than you and inspiring enough to outlive you.
Call your personal board now and discuss the important questions. You cannot invent, re-invent or show creative brilliance without asking pertinent questions. You must demand answers from your life, from your present circumstances or from any challenge you may face. Why can’t you change? What does it take to get different results? What else can you do or try?
There must be a clear distinction between wishing and believing. A wish is a hazy thread of desires that leaves room for the winds of doubt to toss it about, meaning it might happen by chance or not. A belief has no equivocation; it is clear, stubborn and deliberate in taking hold of what remains yet unseen by the physical eye. If there is no visible way, a belief will draft the way, create the way, walk the path and reach the desired destination.
Positive belief leaves no room for excuses; it questions why the feats and quests cannot be attained. When your beliefs are strong enough, you will not define yourself on the basis of past and present limitations or life events. Your success can only be as big as the size of your beliefs, for it is the size of your beliefs that will either limit your dream or allow it to explode.
Make the difficult choices and adopt the discipline regime required of a person who has set their mind to succeed, kiss mediocrity goodbye and translate an ordinary life to the extraordinary. It takes personal commitment of time and resources, and a sacrifice of non-essential pleasures to move towards success.
The challenge therefore, as you strive for success, is to make it a habit to live your life on purpose. You must learn to make deliberate plans and then practice the art and science of doing things on purpose.
The aim is to produce specific results by your actions, so you begin to do things on purpose. If I leave things to chance, I am losing the plot to make success deliberate, meaning I am increasing my chances of failing in any given task.
He is a trouble causer who acts without intent. In other words, living on purpose means you must act with known intent. Develop an objective sense that asks the why questions as you pull out action thoughts. Why do I want to do this? Why do I want to do it now? Why do I want to stop this? Why do I want to enter into this agreement? Why do I want to change? You will discover that when you have a known intent, you have enough motivation to sustain the success of your decision.
You need to use you imagined view of the future you dream of, then paint the statement in words, to state that clear dream of your desired future.
Your vision must state the end result and must be stated in the positive so that it will be a constant source of inspiration. Begin by, “I will…
You need to change the questions you ask yourself and of your situations, in order to change the trajectory of your life. These are questions that will help you define and refine your purpose.
We can only continue to promote invention, creativity and success by asking of ourselves, our situations and problems some key questions. What questions are you asking today?
Values are the guiding principles through which you make choices and decisions. They are influenced by your beliefs, and will help you uphold a higher standard of personal character.
Aligning your values and beliefs to your behaviour, increases your chances of being effective at living a fulfilling life without the stress of guilt-consciousness, internal strife or internal conflict
Your personal brand must exude who you are, what you stand for, specifies your target market, what value you intend to add to them and the unique offering through which you will do that.
Whilst you can be a stepping stone to help others succeed, you are not a dirty mat to be abused by others.
There should be a healthy ‘stubbornness’, assertiveness and confidence that comes from knowledge of your clear vision, mission, values and personal brand.
You can and should stand up for who you are and what you represent, without fear or prejudice. You take the promises you have made to yourself and to others very seriously.
The major purpose of defining and understanding yourself is to be able to come up with an objective strategy to map your success.
Leveraging your personal strengths means you will also need to become clearer about those strengths. It is easier to build on what you are already good at than start from your weaker areas. Take time to list down your strengths and reflect on them.
Personal growth by tackling the ‘big-picture” through focusing on the things you have power to influence is more effective and less stressful.
Remain aware of your weak points; not knowing or choosing to ignore them, means creating dangerous ‘blind-spots’ in the path to your success.
The ostrich-approach of burying your head in the sand, when confronting your areas of weakness, becomes a self-set trigger for failure.
What are the obvious temptations and inclinations that consistently call me or entice me to go against my personal beliefs, values and standards? You don’t need a prophet for this!
If you check your personal blind spots, you can be able to guard against focusing on what you cannot do, but reduce the areas of weakness by taking their space with more of your strengths.
Reprogram your life and mind-set by replacing the bad with the positive, the weakness with the strength.
There is no point knowing your mission if you cannot see the area of need for that mission.
You will only become significant in life, by solving the unique set of problems only you and your mission are meant to solve.
There remains unique questions calling for a unique mission like yours to answer – and that is your key to significance. Find them and be the answer.
Self-discovery is a journey of questioning yourself.
Just like watering the field will cause both the desired seed and the undesirable weed to germinate, the opportunities for your mission in life will be equally presented with real-life threats.
Whilst the greatest threat to your mission is the internal aspects within you, the external circumstances need to be covered against as well. Scan your external environment and circumstances.
The wisdom that comes from being conscious of the real threats to you and your mission will sharpen your deliberateness in decision & choice-making, associations and positioning.
Begin to grow in wisdom and develop an informed approach to more global issues around you and along your path to success and significance.
Everyone has the Capacity to Succeed…Ceteris Paribus!
The truth is that we all have what it takes to succeed and the fact is that not everyone will attain what they define success to be.
The reality of life and an imperfect world dictates that things cannot be held constant to guarantee your success; you have to wiggle your way through a planned path within a maze, to attain your goal.
Your success must never be left to others. You must be able to visualize it and see it through your own eyes, whilst others assist you to see it better and make it clearer.
If you cannot see it in your mind, then it becomes difficult to get. If you can personally visualize it, it becomes easier and more realistic to achieve.
Just because you cannot see it now, does not mean it is not there or not possible. See yourself succeeding and own that vision through all your planning and hard work.
Internalising success means that even if a misfortune takes away all the evidence or traces of success, yet what made you successful, remains. Soon enough, the evidence will return.
What makes you succeed must be possessed where it cannot be taken away. The internal capacity to succeed is more important than the external and temporal manifestation of success.
When success is internalized, no situation, no matter how bad, can convince you that you will not be able to attain your goal. You become adamant and refuse to give up.
You must not end your life because you failed an examination. Failing an examination or making a mistake does not make you a failure at life. The context of life is broader than that.
Taking your own life could become the ultimate failure, because you will be killing and closing the existing door to a chance that might have been waiting to lead you into another path.
Do not define your success in the context of just one situation or challenge you are currently battling or pursuing.
Your mind must be prepared to face some kind of ‘failure’ or mistakes – take the lessons, face the consequences even if embarrassing, and march on.
You do not reduce or eliminate your concerns by crying, shouting or proving you are the victim of whatever happened in your life.
As you grow and develop your talent and skill – you must begin to create a demand for what you possess as a personal brand.
Whatever you possess as an advantage over others, must be meticulously executed to produce desired results and progress.
Work, and not wishing, is what brings motion and results from your vision. Don’t be lazy. Try and try again, learn and practice, review and refine, then go back to implement again.
You must practice the discipline of a champion before you win the actual contest. The appointment and opportunity must then come to confirm what you have already become.
Roll-up those sleeves and work until you see the fruit of your labour. It takes Passion, Resolve and a Productive Work Ethic, meeting with Opportunity, for you to succeed.
Your unwillingness to change to my view point is purely on the justifiable basis that you have your own strongly held beliefs about important life issues.
Whatever you believe in, is true – at least to you! The question is, “How positive and empowering is it, especially in the face of adversity?
Even if the creative brilliance sparks only once, it needs to be accelerated and developed so it has self-sustaining strategies to continue adding value to both the initiator and those it serves.
Poverty might make you obscure, but if you continue churning out wisdom to solve more problems and challenges, you will neither remain poor nor die in obscurity.
Consistency and acceleration are both key to sustaining success. One-day-wonder persons who slouch back to mediocrity will soon be forgotten.
What are the beliefs that give life, spirit and passion to your dream and which values will guide your decisions and actions for you to be fulfilled by your own success?
Have a clear plan or strategy to translate your success philosophy into desired results. Adopt an effective work ethic, with a laser-focus and requisite execution strategies to produce results.
Don’t waste time. Avoid the company of wasteful people who lack the desire to achieve. Become assertive and action-oriented.
All around you, production must be taking place to bring you closer to realizing your defined success. Adopt a personal responsibility attitude to enable the realization of your dreams.
Be in love with what you do. Love wisdom. Love life. Love people. God is love.
Do not seek success just for the sake of succeeding or for self-gratification. Seek a life of impact and significance.
Plan for the sustainability of your success so that you do not drift back to failure and mediocrity.
Do not plan to die, do not plan for the death of your name or your influence - rather, plan for the resting of a life well lived. Make an eternal mark.
There is more fulfilment when sharing with others than enjoying on your own - whatever success you achieve.
The unfairness of judging others comes in that we judge them on the basis of our own values and beliefs, yet we can never exactly stand on common ground.
The key to success is to first know thyself. The definition of success by another person must not paralyse you or make you think less of your potential to succeed in your own way.
The person who will end up enjoying success, is the one who planned for it and who knew why they are seeking to succeed.
Most of the things to guarantee your death have already been done so you can spend the rest of your time focusing on the things that can guarantee your success and happiness.
Plan from your internal or spiritual view of things. The external view always has a way of distorting, discouraging and limiting your dream.
Beginning to work your plan means movement and action. The success of your movements and actions can only be guaranteed if they are well calculated.
Success must be personalised, contextualized and internalized. Success means something different to each one of us. We each have a unique and peculiar mission in life.
Who are you? Where are you coming from? What are your strengths and ambitions? What makes you happy and fulfilled? What are your inherent gifts and talents? Clearly define yourself.
Stop, think and use your brain! Don’t’ rush through life. Take time to reflect as you define what success means to you. Always remember you are one of a kind!
To become successful, do the little extra things that ordinary people refuse to do. The little extra hard work, little extra practice, little extra studying and the little extra positive attitude.
Defining what success means to you requires important meetings – board meetings with yourself. When the “me, myself and I” committee meets and passes transformational resolutions.
People are different and it is this uniqueness that also makes it imperative for the definition or meaning of success be left to each individual to determine.
If your belief system, mission, values and attitude are poisoned or contaminated, then expect whatever you enjoy and perceive as success to be short-lived.
To succeed, with or without money, have deliberate plans to make success out of opportunity. If you are totally dependent on chance, then chances are that you will fail.
Never fool yourself, success will not come by accident – it must be deliberately planned for. If opportunities don’t come on their own, they too must be created or attracted.
Those who succeed after a rare opportunity, only succeed on the back of a plan they already had or one they craft and begin to pursue after receiving the windfall.
Personalising success means defining it in line with your defined mission and beliefs. This will help ignite a passion for the dream as well as develop underlying values and attitudes.
Cease from envy, prejudice and unhealthy competitiveness. Never abandon your own mission and brand to pursue the seemingly exciting mission or vision of another.
Success can never be enjoyed if there is no congruity or alignment of your beliefs, values and how you behave in attaining your achievements.
No one can become successful for you. It takes personal definitions, personal decisions, personal convictions, personal actions and personal responsibility to succeed in life.
On the journey to self discovery be grateful for the fools along the way. Their lack of kindness fueled your success ~bns
It's important to remember that peace, liberty and freedom changes many aspects in our thoughts as far as life is concerned.
A new week means new goals. New goals means new success. No goals mean no success and no success means a wasted week.
The outcome is not up to you. The outlook is.
You are special individual. Never envy others.You never know what they go through.Seek and be inspired by the works of others. Learn their secrets for success.
Leaders are made not born. They are the results of persistent effort. Thus, leadership involves much more than just shouting. Effective leadership requires a human focus and reflects a servant and transformation mentality. It is about the nuts and bolts of execution. Leadership is an everyday activity. It is a process that begins but never ends.
Being a team player will help you climb the ladder of success. Furthermore, a successful team player can rise to the level of team leader in the future.
An Appreciative inquiry Conversation is the catalyst for strengths based innovation.
Give today to get better tomorrow.
The future does not wait for hesitant people. The more we achieve, the more we realise how much more we can achieve.
Today you are no longer a victor nor victim of the past and future, today is completely independent, there are no restrictions; except for the ones you place upon yourself.
What you don't deal with today, will live to deal with tomorrow.
What you don't deal with today, will live to deal with you tomorrow.
TODAY is the PAST of your FUTURE. So, make TODAY count for the sake of your HISTORY. Use your words, time & choices wisely
I am about tribal feminine power. As a leader, I may stumble but my essence lives to the future-- of my people, of my literature, of my art. And when a tribesman turn against its leader, that tribe will become two. It may faulter my course, but it will not stifle my ending. I rule only among my believers.
Leaders think it’s possible. They inspire followers to believe in the same good news and it becomes a blessing to them. Leadership is all about inspiring people to believe in what becomes profitable to them!
Environment provides us with many cultures. From each we identify our beliefs that give us our values. From our values we pick up our choices and our choices bring out our character. Our characters make us to lead!
We all have that divine moment, when our lives are transformed by the knowledge of the truth.
To give value to others, you have to begin by valuing yourself.
In politics no permanent friends, no permanent enemies but permanent interest.
Good communication has just a little to do with eloquence. It's character that makes it more successful. Harsh words nicely articulated are sharp enough to kill your brand!
Words alone can effect great good as well as evil. A few apt words have swept candidates into office, ended as well as started wars, paved the way for peace and carried with them both hope as well as despair. Words alone have ruined lives, but have also brought forth healing. It is well known the harm words can cause, but the good they can bring is equally impressive.
A person’s words reflect the image of his character and the amount of truth and lies in it is always visible to the human heart than ordinary eyes.
You can lead and motivate people without a certificate or title, what you need to do is to tell people a compelling secret that was only known to you.
One thing is undeniably clear. We have all had bad experiences, we have all had tragedies in our lives which help to shape who we are.
Even the demons are encouraged when their chief is "not lost in loss itself.
The depressed person is mired in the past
There was, however, a difference between his mood and that of the rest of the cabinet. They felt desperate; he felt challenged.
Like if Leonardo from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles started being all bummed out about everything. How were we going to kick arse if our Leonardo was wearing a black eye-band instead of a blue one?
The prayer level of a church never rises any higher than the personal example and passion of the leaders. The quantity and quality of prayer in leadership meetings is the essential indicator of the amount of prayer that will eventually arise among the congregation.
Hearing God’s voice is indispensable to moving through or around closed doors.
Father, help me focus on my strengths and trust others to fill the gaps of my weaknesses”Every leader knows the skills in which they excel. They also are aware of those tasks that they maintain a certain level of competence along with those duties they struggle in accomplishing. In my experience there are "want to’s" and the "have to’s" of leadership. The "want to’s" energize a leader and the "have to’s" zap the leader’s creativity and time. The quicker a leader can find those around them that will fill the gaps of their weaknesses, the more effective they will be in achieving God’s mission.
Leader discover themselves through a continuous fellowship and relationship with their sources of their life and wisdom. Self-discovery is the key to true leadership!
But being overborne with numbers, and nobody daring to face about, stretching out his hands to heaven, [Romulus] prayed to Jupiter to stop the army, and not to neglect but maintain the Roman cause, now in extreme danger. The prayer was no sooner made, than shame and respect for their king checked many; the fears of the fugitives changed suddenly into confidence.
Error is human,perfection is divine!You are not God! Your mistake is normal.So forgive yourself.
Life is hope.Hope is faith.Faith is believe.Believe is possibilities.Possibility is miraculous.Miraculous is divine.Divine is supernatural.Supernatural is spiritual.
I have absolutely no regrets in life except regrets for the things I didn’t do when I had the chance ~ Donald Pillai
My words itch at your ears till you understand them
Failure is a natural part of learning and developing, and it teaches us to be resolute and steadfast in our endeavors.
Come to the edge, He said.They said: We are afraid.Come to the edge, He said.They came. He pushed them,And they flew . . ."— Guillaume ApollinairetFrench poet
Leaders are passionate learners. Leaders are always seeking ways to improve themselves by sharpening their skills. They fully embrace the fact that growing leaders lead growing organizations.
Raise, Awake and take stand. Draw the path for others. Be a Leader.
Curiosity is always good if it is aimed at learning.
A person's integrity develops early in life. Once formed, it is difficult to alter, change, or improve.
Walking the walk is one thing, but it is so much more powerful if you can talk it as well.
You learn from mistakes so the best leaders are constantly making new mistakes on their success journey.
There is enough mystery in human nature to keep the world stuck in a perpetual state of righteous speculation. Only the wise and compassionate will rise above it, with enough vision to see that inconsistency is a normal occurrence, during the spiritual battle of forgiveness and justice.
To inspire others, you must first inspire yourself. Only true passion can awake passion in others
You don't know what you don't know
The truth to succeeding at leadership is recognizing that it’s a never-ending journey of discovery and learning.
There is no check-box for ethical leadership. It is an ongoing individual and organizational journey. We will never know everything that there is to know.
In a human development sense, our understanding of leadership has essentially “grown up” and moved past personal ego and a self-centered view of things.
ReThink Training: The best process of learning is on the job, just-in-time, "nibble-knowledge" to incrementally transform mindsets and skillsets irrevocably.
Your vehicle of leadership is fueled by your willingness to learn. You can't lead if you can't learn!
Rethink Success: Most people will never achieve past their existing levels, because they don't understand the importance of changing their Mindset
Rethink change: Make change management irrelevant through Appreciative Leadership Innovation focused Expectations (ALIFE)
Rethink Your Success Mindset: At the end of your life, the only things that really matter... are matters of your heart.
You can find humor in everything. everything.
Expectation levels set can be directly correlated to the quality of the training provided.
In what is known as the 70/20/10 learning concept, Robert Eichinger and Michael Lombardo, in collaboration with Morgan McCall of the Center for Creative Leadership, explain that 70 percent of learning and development takes place from real-life and on-the-job experiences, tasks, and problem solving; 20 percent of the time development comes from other people through informal or formal feedback, mentoring, or coaching; and 10 percent of learning and development comes from formal training.
If people are not making mistakes, they are not trying new things. If they are making the same mistake twice, they are not learning new things!
Constant remembrance of the Almighty will bring you everlasting happiness and peace
There's a light, a light of hope, to break, destroy, recreat, unite and reform grounds of a future, our sustenance. And until that light shines so bright, we the people, our generation will forever March on to failure, otherwise eternal victory is assured!!!!!!!!
Trying to influence another person without first establishing a relationship is like trying to boil water outside of a kettle. Trust, like the kettle, is the vessel in which all things work together to generate powerful action
Authentic Leaders are not afraid to show emotion and vulnerability as they share in the challenges with their team. Developing a solid foundation of trust with open and honest communication is critical to authentic leadership.
Letting go of the security of what is commonly understood requires a big leap of faith and a willingness to fall.
A true leader doesn't lead it's pack but gets followed by those who respect.
Humble leaders trust more easily because they realize that the world does not rest solely on their shoulders.
Get to the next level by learning the art of investing in people.
Trust is a two way street.
Great leaders build trust from their team because the leader is willing to put his/her people “first.” Once the team believes that, they will put their leader, and the company, first as well.
I saw the figure of 178 Billion wasted/stolen from the people of a country by its corrupt and inept government. Such a figure could truly transform the entire country; education, health, roads, schooling, entrepreneurial environment... of millions of people, rather than be secreted away as a few more 0000's in global bank accounts for the greeders.We need to Rethink Public Service, Values, Ethics and Leadership.
Great leaders are most wanted. They are most wanted for what they do with their gifts and talents. Their dreams are so unique in such a way that their presence becomes a source of hope and courage for others to thread on along. Why won't they look for them?
Integrity is the soul of leadership! Trust is the engine of leadership!
Presidents don't make new friends. That's why they've got to keep their old ones." Adm. Fitzwallace
Trust. And be trusted.
We develop trust when we show that we are reliable, by doing what we say we are going to do to take care of that treasure, and then stepping it up by doing more, by anticipating problems and handling them before they even happen.
The first job of a leader—at work or at home—is to inspire trust. It’s to bring out the best in people by entrusting them with meaningful stewardships, and to create an environment in which high-trust interaction inspires creativity and possibility.
God desires your increase in your leadership, stewardship, relationship, and business
I always have my own opinion before my boss says his.
Even though men and women are different in our thinking, we all share the need and desire for compassion, compliments, and companionship.
Before someone will get the guts to monitor your life, he must get the keyboard of humility. To be a humble person, is a priority in leadership!
The major factor that makes a great leader to fail emerge from the decision of people who surround him/her.
The 10 ever greatest misplacements in life:1. Leadership without character.2. Followership without servant-being.3. Brotherhood without integrity.4. Affluence without wisdom.5. Authority without conscience.6. Relationship without faithfullness.7. Festivals without peace.8. Repeated failure without change.9. Good wealth without good health.10. Love without a lover.
You are created with a mandate! You have all you need to fulfill it.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Legacy: Supreme leaders determine where generations are going and develop outstanding leaders they pass the baton to.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Effectual Change: Good leaders value change, they accomplish a desired change that gets the organization and society better.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Reproduction: Distinguished leaders impress, inspire and invest in other leaders.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Influence: It takes an influential leader to excellently raise up leaders of influence.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Successful Results: Renowned leaders strive for victory and outdo their previous successes, they do what it takes to recognize an opportunity and pounce on it rightly to achieve great results.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Development: Surpassing leaders progress advancely from a lower to a higher state of leadership through leading other leaders the right way.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Advancement: Notable leaders chart the course of action that causes other leaders to progress toward reaching a goal and raising the status of power.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Prosperity: Great leaders teach other leaders the infinite intelligence that enables them to have plenty of all things and live the good life.
Anyaele Sam Chiyson Leadership Law of Responsibility: Great leaders greet their geniuses through their greatest power of choice, principle-based living and highest means of expressing their voice.
Accept responsibilities for all your actions. Learn from your past and your mistakes.
Desire to give and not always receive.
Drown those degrading thoughts.
Desire to impact lives! Change destinies and make dreams come true.
Build up your faith while starving the fears.
Avoid conflicts, Embrace cordiality.
Ride higher in life unto the higher life.
The giver is the blessed! The receiver stands still.
Don`t turn around in circles for making circles do not equate making progress.
Light is life and always wins.
Choices, options, decisions abound. Choose right, take the best option and decide well.
Sow the right words! Think the good thought.
Life is beautiful if you take the best option.
Move forward for forward is progress but circles are movement.
Forget yesterday, Act on Today and Get a hold on tomorrow.
It turns out horrendous when you choose the wrong options.
You have been called to a life of blessing, don`t descend to that of curses.
Have the best course for all your actions.
Sow good seeds for a good yield.
There is seed time and harvest, choose to sow at the right time so as to have a bountiful harvest.
Always contend for the good!
Shine forth your light before all beings.
Shout out for Joy! Don`t scream out in fear for victors shout and victims scream.
Decide to be rich! Hate poverty strong.
Stand out tall amidst challenges! Dwarf all irrelevant voices.
Shun darkness and evil vices for they that embrace them wear off with time!
Don`t descend to the lowest ebb.
Eschew evil and it`s machinations.
Relish what is good and expedient.
In your emotions: exercise Joy over sadness.
Be positive at all times! Leave out the negatives.
Options abound world over, Options to choose from and be the best.
God takes us through life`s journey. Always nudging our Spirits to go for plus and shun the minus.
There is a ladder to Success! Choose to climb it.
A confident woman knows her worth and so doesn’t fret when her man is highly placed or is often found amidst other women in the course of his business or assignment.
A woman that is patient has the ability to endure provocation, pain, annoyance etc, with much calm and strength.
A responsible woman is one who sees opportunities of service and responds to them quickly. In her dwells the ability to see and respond to opportunities.
A responsible woman sees and accepts only the best in a given situation.
Ladies, get confident about yourselves, build up your self-worth and esteem, love yourself and be proud of your achievements and your man will adore you for life.
Courage is the ability to execute tasks and assignments without fear or intimidation.
A woman can tolerate delays knowing they are not denials; she is diligent, and composed. She is not easily irritated like love; she endures all things, beans all things and can be stretched to any limit.
Maturity of a woman is not in her age or size for age is just a number and size is figure.
A matured woman is therefore a responsible woman irrespective of her age, status and qualification.
Confidence thrills men for it means you won’t be fidgety or excessively jealous when the man is in the midst of people especially those of opposite sex.
A responsible woman doesn’t see opportunities and needs and look the other way pretending not to see them rather she gets to work to ensure things are done properly and her man succeeds in his endeavours.
A responsible woman guides, controls (albeit subtly), directs with superior knowledge that is higher than that of her contemporaries!
Ladies, get confident bout yourselves, build up your self-worth and esteem, love yourself and be proud of your achievements and your man will adore you for life.
Don't just float through life; don't just agree to anything and everything, have a course you are known for at all times.
You can change any status quo, stand out, walk by faith and not by sight and things will definitely go well with you.
remember when God has answered you, it no longer matters who has been against you but for Him to answer you and change your story, you have to make up your mind to disobey the wrong order, change the status quo and BE DIFFERENT!
Lend your ears to the deaf, your eyes to the blind, your hands to the weak, your tongue to the mute, your mind to the perplexed, and your heart to the weary.
Intentional leadership ads value and truth to people.
f you are too good to look after God’s trash, you are not good enough to look after God’s treasure.
My life's work is to create tools to empower and elevate life on the planet. To create global change, one heart at a time.
If we throw judgments out, that is exactly what will return to us. What we give is exactly what we will receive. It doesn’t matter if we throw out good or bad. It all comes back. It is a spiritual law.
Cultivating spiritual intimacy is essential for leaders to live a vibrant missional life.
Never limit oneself based on the limitations of others. If you can not inspire them - leave them to be inspired by your lead
Truly, the world is in need of moral leadership . . .that teaches the difference between right and wrong and teaches us to forgive one another even as we are forgiven by our Father in heaven.
Almost alone among successful politicians, he took slights personally.
Have you ever made a decision that sounded good at the time but then led to unanticipated results?
Forgiveness and restoration are two difference acts. Forgiveness can lead to restoration but restoration is not hinged to forgiveness.
Forgiveness means that you are willing to give someone else a second chance to breathe in new life in his body. That is one of the greatest attribution of a Leader.
I think forgiveness is a missing key to corporate success.
We may not have the power to move mountains, but if we have the power to take someone's hand and named them loved and forgiven we have power enough.
You can’t lead people to where you’ve not been yourself. When you all get stranded, you need the knowledge of someone who knows the way!
The fearful have lost faith while the fearless allow faith to lead the way.
Passionate people are always ready to stand for their dreams even if no one stand with them. They vote and vote alone for their dreams but never loss their nomination for excellent leadership!
Those who mistrust their own abilities are being too wicked to themselves, discouraging themselves from doing what they should have been excelling in. If you are good at discouraging yourself, you can't be a good leader because leadership is built on inspiring others to face challenges.
Christ did to the Jewish orthodoxy, what Buddha did to the Hindu orthodoxy.
Whether in the name of Just War, Witch-Hunt or the Inquisition, at various points of history for various poppycock reasons the cross had been the weapon of mass destruction in the hands of the orthodox church.
Think of the good that Christ imparted on the society. And think of the great evil that has been done through fanaticism over one damn phrase “salvation through Christ, the Son of God.
It’s time that Christianity should be redefined by the world based upon the original teachings of Jesus, instead of the Old and New Testaments which have been interpreted, reinterpreted and distorted by all the Ecumenical Councils, i.e. the Church Councils.
Religion, as it is generally taught all over the world, is said to be based upon faith and belief, and, in most cases, consists only of different sets of theories, and that is the reason why we find all religions quarreling with one another. These theories, again, are based upon belief. One man says there is a Supreme Being sitting above the clouds governing the whole universe, and he asks me to believe that solely on the authority of his assertion. But if you actually attempt to realize what Christ realized, the entire structure of the Church would collapse.
Mother Nature gave Jesus, the Son of Nature the biological elements to see things that nobody else could, or rather nobody else would. And you are the child of Nature as well. As such you have all the powers within you, just like Jesus, to rise above the laws of the society that tend to bind your conscience with textual mysticism and fanaticism.
Jesus recognized that God within him and became Christ - so did Siddhartha Gautama and became Buddha - so did I - and so can you.
If we ask a random orthodox religious person, what is the best religion, he or she would proudly claim his or her own religion to be the best. A Christian would say Christianity is the best, a Muslim would say Islam is the best, a Jewish would say Judaism is the best and a Hindu would say Hinduism is the best. It takes a lot of mental exercise to get rid of such biases.
By infusing Jesus the man with the divine magic – by making him capable of earthly miracles as well as his own resurrection, the early church turned him into a god within the human world. Thus, the church reinforced the monopoly on the so-called route to heaven, i.e. salvation only through Jesus Christ. And during those days, whoever kept the keys to heaven would rule the world.
He who want to be served must first know how to serve.
A leader has a great duty. You have to perform beyond the expectation of the people.
If you find a community with less production and less inspiring inventions, then know it is a sign of lack of Business Leaders and full of General Managers do not know what they can manage or what they are managing.
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and will to carry on." Walter Lippmann.
Challenges lead to Growth,Grow matures ones daily living,Living a good life expedites....Wisdom
Leadership is an art expressed by the demonstration of characters worthy of immitation, emulation and inspiration. It is neither a title nor a postion.
Leadership potential is in everyone; we all have it, but we all don't know it until we have a direct individual encounter with the Holy Spirit of God. The principal source of leadership influence is the Holy Spirit.
A mere motivator sees potentials in people and tells them to take actions. A true leader sees the same potentials in the same people and influences them to optimize them under his God-lead inspirations.
It is not about whether you call yourself a leader or not. It is about what you have to show to people as a leader. Leadership is contagious, you carry it and share it.
The real power of effective leadership is maximizing other people’s potential which inevitably demands also ensuring that they get the credit. When our ego won’t let us build another person up, when everything has to build us up, then the effectiveness of the organization reverts to depending instead on how good we are in the technical aspects of what we do. And we have stopped leading and inspiring others to great heights.
Do what you love and love what you do, with excellence.
He had always had a gift for conjuring images in his mind's eye. It was one of the secrets of his military success.
He's got to have the ability, and it seems to be fairly rare, to see things as they are and at the same time as they might have been. What we mean is the eye of an artist.
The daring leader helps the people see a future state, greater than their own imagination, and worthy of pursuit.
Because “we human beings are imaginative by nature, we cannot choose to live by the routine of the ant-heap. If deprived of the imagery of virtue” — imaginative depictions of the truly good life — “we will seek out the imagery of vice.
Radio was theater of the mind.
Always dare to be in the company of those stronger than you. Sooner or later, you will be stronger than those who were once stronger than you, but unfortunately, they joined the company of those who are weaker than them!
The survival rate of your passion depends on the kind of person that leads you!
Friends are won through personal contact, but admirers are won through their contact with our works
There are no self made heroes or leaders. No matter how rugged or self assured, everyone requires a cast of players - friends, mentors, lovers, critics, villains and supporters - who call, invite, seduce, goad and encourage them to finally step into their true power. We are all heroes and leaders in some way, and we all need each other.
By exchanging quality time for 'turn-up' times, what many of today's wayward youngsters have become - men and women of the village have failed them.
Patience is important for a man, vital for a leader
Banning the word bossy doesn’t promote anything, especially leadership. In fact, it would actually show that being bossy works. We don’t need to ban the word bossy, we need to get rid of bossiness. The best way to do that? Be a real leader. How poetic.
As far as I can tell, kids are called bossy when they behave in a dictatorial and domineering fashion. They’re called bossy when they try to order people around and refuse to listen to authority figures. Here’s a suggestion: instead of telling us not to refer to them as bossy, why don’t we teach them not to be bossy? We concentrate so much on eradicating negative words while forgetting to address the behavior that the words describe.
Bossy means “given to ordering people around, highhanded, domineering, overly authoritative, dictatorial, abrasive.” ...Could it be that girls are called bossy when they’re… well, bossy? Could it be that boys are also called bossy for the same reason?
The beauty of obedience is that what God expects you to do, He also enables you to do.
You have no idea how destructive and wasteful your infrastructure is because you don't need to use it the way the workforce does... Drive the forklift, use the database, fill out the form, submit it to HR, and find out how long it takes to get a response. Use your own infrastructure.
People act in ways to maximize their self-interest within a company, so create incentives that align employee's objectives with the organization's mission statement. Reward compliance with core values as much as profitability, especially in the face of competitive pressures.
EWI: Emailing While Intoxicated
If you don't know the answer to a question, don't guess, don't speculate, don't hypothesize, don't make a joke it by email, tweet, conference call, or at a press conference...Somehow, eventually, the electronic communication surrounding a situation will be made public and clarify and clarify what actually transpired.
If you don't appreciate your customers, someone else will.
Look inward for solutions to your greatest challenges.
The future is dependent on the decisions you make today.
You cannot be a modern association without a contemporary board.
Create and communicate absolute clarity of purpose.
Surround yourself with people who are better than you in each individual area of business.
Culture is what happens when the managers are not around.
Procrastination at the start and sometimes during the project meant there wasn’t time to execute the plans well enough.
If you can 'hire tough,' you can 'manage easy.
When taking on a leadership role in business remember it's about relationships. If your people (aka employees) are taken care of then they will respect you and return the favor.
What you hold in your consciousness tends to manifest—the inner game runs the outer game.
If you want to break through to higher levels of performance, you must allow yourself to be restructured.
We can never fall short when it comes to recruiting, hiring, maintaining and growing our workforce. It is the employees who make our organization’s success a reality.
We must practice consistent, reliable, predictable, effective, thoughtful, compassionate and even courteous communication every single day to successfully sustain, develop and grow our business.
Sometimes, as in a game of chess, we must strategically regress so that we might progress toward our ultimate objective.
Every true leader is in the business of God. The good news is that God’s business does not yield loses. Most leaders fail because they claim to be in a business whose owner they never know!
Every morning I look in the mirror and remind myself: "No one owes you sh*t!" In this way, I am never disappointed. Never placing blame.
You remain a follower for life when you pay for what people do while nobody pays you for what you do. Do something impressive and become a leader!
Practice holding labels lightly as leaders so you have greater range in your behaviors and are more adaptable and effective in a greater range of situations.
Meet your people where they are. They may not be as good as they can be, but they are as good as they believe they can be. They are waiting for you to lead them.
Because discipline is misunderstood or not as valued as it has been, the United States—and some might argue the world—is experiencing a cultural leadership crisis.
I believe a leader is inspired by his/her team to lead them.
Scout out competitors’ websites. Everything your competitors think is important or relevant usually exists on their website.
If you don't get any motivation from your team, there is nothing wrong with those you lead but your form of leadership.
When you are on top of your game you don’t have to talk about it, the world will do that for you.
Every time you invite a candidate to interview, you should expect to be interviewed, too.
Every leader is different. Every bench is different. Every business is different. So while the complexities change, the work of coaching stays the same keep your clients at the center of the work, push them to use their strengths more and to temper their weaknesses, and illuminate blind spots because these are what really get in the way.
If the people in an organization think the company is small, they will act that way. If they think the company is big, they will act that way.
Your personal growth, how you show up, and the ways you lead ultimately determine the success of your business and your life.
Have the courage to walk away from a fantastic deal, if the person on the other side is disprepectful or trying to pull a smart one on you.' Temptation should never rule a deal, the value should, fairplay should and acceptance on either side that the deal is being made for the value being created for both!
You can win in business by playing checkers until someone sneaks in one night after you’ve closed for the day and flips the board.
Don’t buy into the campaign that people don’t like change. We are built for it.
If leadership is the way forward, vision is its walking stick.
Entrepreneur, if you're going to start up, make sure you start up with excellence in mind
To be an ethical leader is indeed to be different. This kind of leader acknowledges the complexity of running a responsible business, yet tries to do it anyway.
Reputation is an outcome; but it is also a valuable, strategic asset.
Inspiring leadership communication is not about great oratory or great charisma; rather it is about getting others to believe in themselves and believe in your cause, and then achieve more than they thought was possible.
If you're not called crazy when you launch something new, it means you're not thinking BIG enough.
For individuals and organizations alike, a reputation is far easier to destroy than it is to build.
The house you built can cave you in if you didn't do it right.
During rough time in a Business, a Leader should act like a ship captain. His first and foremost priority should be to put his employees to security before thinking of his own welfare.
Leadership is an unlimited resource and as such, is a lifelong pursuit of learning. That learning must be to transform 'leader of position' to 'leadership with moral purpose'.
Manager! Have brain - use it!
Any idiot can point out a problem. So, bosses do.
It doesn't matter what your boss thinks as long as he doesn't cry.
Have an attitude of positive expectation.
1164At the end of the day, we all live in this world together and to practice bringing peace onto social media is a huge step into bringing peace into our world.
At the end of the day, we all live in this world together and to practice bringing peace onto Twitter is a huge step into bringing peace into our world.
At the end of the day, we all live in this world together and to practice bringing peace onto social media is a huge step into bringing peace into our world.
I can’t control who follows me, but I can control who I follow.[Social Media]
Your Twitter Profile is your business card.
Twitter is not just for Journalists. You don’t have to be a writer to Tweet.[Social Media]
Points of views that are expressed on Twitter don’t intend to offend, but rather defend and open the conversation up to everyone so that no one has to pretend.
No matter what the odds say, be even with who you truly are.
Being a solution and not a problem proves progression.
Shape your mindsets or your mindsets will shape you.
The number one way culture is shaped is by what leaders model.
The problem with your company is not the economy, it is not the lack of opportunity, it is not your team. The problem is you. That is the bad news. The good news is, if you're the problem, you're also the solution. You're the one person you can change the easiest. You can decide to grow. Grow your abilities, your character, your education, and your capacity. You can decide who you want to be and get about the business of becoming that person.
It is much more rewarding to get to the top of the mountain and share your experience with others than to show up by yourself, exausted.
Leadership is a skill learned through many venues.
If all the businesses in town are run like country businesses, You are going to have a country town
Let’s form a committee tasked with exploring why committees are so ineffective. Then we’ll stand-back and watch it argue and self-destruct.
It is the leader’s job to lead by example and enforce the values and the behaviors to set the culture for any company or work group. Show me a company in rapid decline, and I will show you someone in charge who doesn’t give a _____.
Consistency matters. You must learn that giving people a consistent high-quality product is of importance, like building trust across your brand. This build relational wealth - people want to know what they are about to step into and with whom.
Unlearn your knowledge about what WAS working to understand what is working NOW
Its easier to start a global business than a local one, make your business one where you can work from anywhere in the world
One of the greatest skills—and gifts—is to focus on a person. Make them feel as though they’re the only person in the world.
It’s through diverse opinions and perspectives that a dynamic organisation can drive innovation and create its competitive advantage.
In the professional world of leadership ambition and potential are the most excessive commodities.
When you empower your people, your business will be grow.
There is no blueprint to leadership, quite the conundrum in a business world where standardization is celebrated.
When you empower your people, your business will grow.
Through your influence, vision, ethics and authenticity you create a better reality for your family, community and organisation, where those around you and those who follow you are inspired to dream, learn and act
I'd rather do more with the same, then the same with less.
People leave companies for two reasons. One, they don't feel appreciated. And two, they don't get along with their boss.
Vision without an Action is Illusion. Action without a Vision is Confusion.
Many in business feel they have to live up to a machismo archetype of the big-swinging-dick business leader
Don't wait to be compelled to do great work.
In an environment where there is a shared vision of excellence, where people can be the best they can be on a daily basis, where they know what is expected of them, understand that reward is linked to performance, and believe they can make a difference because they will be heard, they will make a difference. They will go beyond our expectations and great things will happen.
Leadership must come from all of us -- the private, public, and civil sectors.
Careers are developed one conversation at a time - over time.
Good leaders know who they are—their strengths, weaknesses, passions, talents, and values. And, developing leaders always starts with self-awareness.
Fearful leaders side-step issues instead of dealing with them, cover up mistakes instead of owning up to mistakes; they skulk back into the shadows and hope that the crisis—whatever it is—will somehow blow over instead of facing their fears. Worse, they resort to lies and deception to cover up the truth.
To guard our character with unwavering commitment, our best protection comes from being humbly aware of our vulnerability.
Courage is leaning into the doubts and fears to do what you know is right even when it doesn’t feel natural or safe.
An honorable leader must demonstrate a willingness to reveal his or her ‘inner self’ to their team. It builds trust and trust is essential. It’s also a sign of strength and authenticity, and people are attracted to those who are ‘real’ and authentic.
Leaders can choose to grow and change, but generally the most powerful predictor of future performance is past behavior. Evaluate them realistically.
Affirming others isn’t ‘flattering’ them—it’s when you genuinely and consistently acknowledge their efforts and accomplishments, both large and small. Make affirmation a habit and watch what happens!
Leaders devoid of crucible experiences are likely to be overly confident about their ideas, and surprisingly more susceptible to fears; this is also true of children who are overly sheltered from facing challenges and experiences that help build their character. Courageously facing our fears in the difficult times gives us both humility and real confidence.
Voters—here’s the real challenge: we don’t need empty promises made by politicians whose only goal in life is to get elected or re-elected. We need leaders with attributes that qualify them to lead us through the difficult challenges we’re facing.
Over-communicating is the glue that holds a high-performing team together and keeps them focused in the same direction. And, it circles back to clarity. Without good, consistent communication, you don’t have clarity.
Good teams are committed to the team mission and to each other personally. Good leaders inspire and build this commitment and trust.
Persistence is important in every endeavor. Whether it’s finishing your homework, completing school, working late to finish a project, or “finishing the drill” in sports, winners persist to the point of sacrifice in order to achieve their goals.
Professional accountability is a good thing. Without it, excellence is merely a pipe dream and even average performance isn’t a realistic expectation.
We all want to ‘count for something’–to make a difference. And, accountability helps us get where want to go in terms of achieving our goals and fulfilling our responsibilities.
As is often the case with children, the rule of ‘monkey see, monkey do’ plays out in the workplace. It’s hard to be good role model, and it’s one of the greatest challenges of leadership.
…some leaders don’t want to celebrate with their team because they are afraid—yes, afraid that if they celebrate, people will quit working hard and lower the standards. I say don’t let your fear take you out.
Leaders must be good listeners. It’s rule number one, and it’s the most powerful thing they can do to build trusted relationships.
Perhaps the ultimate test of a leader is not what you are able to do in the here and now - but instead what continues to grow long after you're gone
What great leaders have in common is that each truly knows his or her strengths - and can call on the right strength at the right time.
To make a decision, all you need is authority. To make a good decision, you also need knowledge, experience, and insight.
followers have a very clear picture of what they want and need from the most influential leaders in their lives: trust, compassion, stability, and hope
Practice transforms a skill into an art
The best way to kill competition is to partner it
I say, 'Get me some poets as managers.' Poets are our original systems thinkers. They contemplate the world in which we live and feel obligated to interpret, and give expression to it in a way that makes the reader understand how that world runs. Poets, those unheralded systems thinkers, are our true digital thinkers. It is from their midst that I believe we will draw tomorrow's new business leaders."--Sidney Harman, CEO Multimillionaire of a stereo components company
For a business to strengthen its position on the market, its managers should become skillful at helping their subordinates to set and achieve specific and measurable goals with realistic deadlines and clear expectations. Managers should also mentor employees through challenges, helping them grow and develop new skills.
Imagine going to work every day to do only and exactly what you love!! All the work gets done because of the abundant diversity of your team. Different skills, interests and talents are woven together into a whole that is much greater than the sum of the parts!
There has to be a way to redirect employee's driving ambition and to channel it more productively. There is. Create heroes in every role. Make every role, performed at excellence, a respected profession.
Strategy is about shaping the future.
Think continally about what you want, not about the things you fear.
If you first take a minute, an hour or a month to let go of feeling annoyed, frustrated or critical of the person or situation that may be driving you crazy, you set yourself up for much greater leadership and personal success.
The first person you have to conquer is you. This is because when at last you win over million people, the first person to bring you down could be you. Discipline yourself!
Leaders believe that falling is not failing, but refusal to rise up after falling is the real form of failure!
If you haven’t found yourself yet, it’s difficult to help someone to discover himself. False leaders make more false leaders!
It’s unfair to see managers buying brand new cars for themselves when the salaries of their workers still remain unpaid! Good leaders are not selfish thinkers!
Leadership is about inspiration with character, not manipulation with position!
The reason why nothing happens is because nothing was done. Something will happen when something is done. Leaders take actions!
Knowing God is not enough; you must make Him known to others. Through your living character, you tell more about the living God!
Just as every crop performs on its specific type of soil, and not all fishes can grow in every kind of water, so is leadership. You can’t lead where you can’t thrive; you can lead where you can survive!
The worst ever offence you can commit against your time is to think that “time spent making plans is time being wasted!” Leaders don’t think that way!
To a leader, reputation is an option, but true character is a necessity!
Honour comes and goes, influence comes and stays, but none of them safeguards us against danger than the mentor of true leadership; Jesus Christ!
Never be anxious about maintaining the position you occupy. Be anxious about maintaining your good character and you will never lose your leadership influence!
People will know you for who you are, but will remember you for what you have done. True leaders make long lasting impacts!
Opportunities loiter in every corner. Everyone may see them, but it’s only great leaders that stop by to give them lifts!
Leaders don’t settle for less. When you do so, you rob humanity of what you are supposed to deliver!
You break the legs of your leadership chair when you chase after other people’s assignments instead of pursing yours!
It is not the person who is being taken out of a trouble that gains experience on how to deliver people from troubles. It’s the person who does the deliverance that gains more experience. Leadership is service!
God has buried your leadership roles in your gifting. To take the lead, you got to unzip the gift bag. It’s your responsible to make it happen!
Leaders create a conducive environment for followers to accomplish their respective dreams. True leaders never fall for anything inferior!
Service introduces you to the leadership throne. Service to mankind is the vision on which leadership is mounted. You serve and in your service, you train more leaders by becoming an example!
The bottom line is that you can’t lead the person you can’t serve!
He who cannot serve cannot lead. It is by being a servant that you recognize that followers also have needs. True leaders are service oriented!
There is greatness in everyone already. The job of the leader is not to put greatness in anyone. The job of the leader is to make people discover and exploit the greatness already existing in them!
There are four types of environments; the one that can help destroy you, the one that can help improve you, the one that can destroy the improved you and the one that can improve the destroyed you. Watch out and be vigilant!
When you know every well what to do and how to do it, your attitude determines how well you will have it done!
True leadership is an attitude that naturally inspires and motivates others, and it comes from an internalized discovery about yourself.
Leaders fail when they begin to fall in love with negative mindsets of other people!
Great leaders are great servants because the only way of setting an example is by demonstrating an example. Service to mankind is the key to true leadership!
Preparation is the key to leadership success. The more prepared you are the less your struggle to make it happen and the more your effectiveness!
True leaders are ready to sweat when making rehearsal, than to cry tears when actually practicing. To save the tears, be ready to sweat!
Jesus’ promise of resurrection of believers came with a demonstration. He did it and said His followers who die will do same. This is leadership! It’s based on truth!
Leadership is not a raw gift given to a group of people. It is the product of any type of gift everyone one has. It therefore means, any kind of gift is a leadership gift!
To know the purpose of a product, you must pay attention to what the manufacturer said about it. What God said about you is that you must have dominion over all other creation. Just pay attention and take the lead!
The leader’s job is to show the way. The bottom line is that you can’t tell anything about the condition of the way if you've not traveled on it yourself!
Sometimes it is difficult to different between leaders and misleaders. However, with the measurement of true service to mankind, the evidence is very clear!
The fact that a seed is viable is not a proof that it’s going to bear good fruits. Some good seeds are destroyed by bad soils. So is leadership; everyone was born to lead, but not all become leaders!
The sweeper of the street is a leader in his own respect provided he does his job well with all love, diligence and attention than anyone would do when given the same broom sticks.
Many people know themselves but hardly believe what they know. To be a leader, knowing yourself is not enough; you must believe what you know about yourself!
Everyone can be a leader irrespective of their age, race, creed, nationality or political affiliation. Once you can figure out your talents and optimize them very well, at the right place and at the right time, you are a leader.
A compassionate government does not need to pay too much attention to those who don't have needs. True leadership is to fulfill a need of the needy. People who have needs need attention indeed! Be a true leader!
Defend your leadership roles with your true character. Never attack your own aspirations with corruption and unfaithfulness! Keep calm and be honest!
You never win unless you win the hearts of people.
If I am to choose between "sleeping" and "being part of a leadership that pursues irrelevant agenda", I will choose "sleeping". Chasing of irrelevant agenda by a leadership sect is what made Nelson Mandela to call it "Long Walk to Freedom!
True leaders do not make choices with reference to the opinion of the majority. They make choices based on the opinion of the truth and the truth can come from either the majority or the minority!
True leaders are like statues, whether it rains or it shines, they never bend their necks to look backwards! They never run away from challenges!
Leadership is built on true character! You lose your leadership when you fake your character. The degree of leadership potential a person can expose will depend on how potent he can maintain his true character!
You may gain a position, but that does not mean you've gained leadership. You may lose position, but that does not mean you've lost leadership! When you gain true character, you can leadership and when you lose it, you cease to be a leader!
This is what you can do to be called a true leader; know the truth, love the truth, speak the truth and repeat the cycle over and over again and again! Let the truth reign!
...21st century leaders use their brain cells more than their muscle tissues!
Christ is my model of leadership because he faced similar challenges we also face on earth today, but through it all He was victorious. To leaders are not overcome by challenges!
Unfortunately, most followers do not know that they can also become leaders because to them, leadership is confined to an "assumed" category of people who have authority or social prestige as their background pillows.
Your character and attitude is what takes the lead in your leadership role and you follow them as a true leader". Poor character and attitude is eventually poor leadership.
One of the most common areas where we fail is when we begin to think that genetic make-up of a person determines how far he can lead". Leadership is learnt and practiced!
...while some communities are chasing visions out, others are chasing one another away. ....while some leaders love breaking records, others love breaking constructed buildings. Good leaders deserve golden trophies while gas cylinder is o.k for the bad ones!
Say "no" to corruption; it does not fit you! Say "no" to bad leadership; you don't fit there. Say "no" to immorality; it will only fake you! Be bold to say "no" if that is what will take your breakfast away; you will get a sweeter lunch pack for compensation sooner.
Real kings and queens are people whose heads are crowned with dreams as they sit on the throne of passion. They rule with visions in the regalia of inspirations!
You cannot climb up to a true leadership position unless you use the ladder of integrity!
It is said that if you want to change the world, take pen and write. I want to add that if you want to maintain that change, then be the ruler to rule the pen's lines. True rulers are true leaders; they maintain a change!
A leader without a clear vision and plans only abuses his power because visions, dreams and plans are the fulcrum along which the loads of success will spine by your own efforts. And where power is abused, there is manipulation instead of inspiration.
If the problems you have this year are the same problems you had last year, then you are not a leader. You are rather a problem on your own that must be solved.
You are your own leader. Where are you driving yourself to now? You can't afford to go wayward! Rise up and break new territories and live life so well.
Yes. Oh no! I don't subject myself to a leadership that does not break new territories! It is the job of leadership to succeed in landing its limbs on new grounds.
We need Wisdom to seek for the Kindom and we need the Kingdom to have the Freedom to posess all other things!
Authority confined in you does not make you a leader. It is the authority created by you that makes you influence people with your purpose.
Ballot papers do not define leaders. Leadership is defined by conviction, vision, passion and inspiration.
Your title is what you are; your visions are who you are. When you know who you are, then you will know where you can be useful most.
The fact that people are in positions does not justify the means that they are leaders. A leader can be blind and to know this, check his sense of vision.
As good surgical doctor works on a patient in the theater with varied kinds of surgical instruments, so a true leader also needs a clean bag of leadership characters that vary from task to task. One-way leaders are obvious failures!
If you want to wait till your black hairs turn grey and your teeth start pulling out before you become a leader, you are either too fast to prove your ignorance, or you are too late to know who you are made of.
Leaders are not known by their positions; they are known by their roles in those position. You have many gifts as a leader, but your dominant gift is what you will use to lead.
True leaders are willing to die for their dreams. They don't oppress with ignorance; they impress with visions". They live like Martin Luther King Jr, Nelson Mandela...
When you walk in distinction, even the photocopying machine can’t replicate your unique quality.
Simple life EthosIf you must judge. Let your moral beacon guide you to a decision you can live with,If you feel generous, give with humility so others could live with dignity,If you became aware of injustice, your inaction or silence are part of it,Living life without courage, is like living without honour,If your arrogance started to control your behavior, then it's time for you to stratify to heaven where there are no earthly human beings Never live behind the rocks. Always move to find comfort in brighter places, andAlways deem yourself to be courageous when others call upon you.......
Without Purpose, LIVING is downgraded to Breathing a boring routine of inhaling oxygen - waiting to exhale
A dream conceived from the inside-out eventually becomes reality. But a dream desired from the outside-in is subject to spoil and tragedy.
Some individuals have the courage to make it, even feel the need to do so; for them the quest is a necessity, not an option. Most people setting out on such journeys are never heard from again, but part of the romance of any field lies in keeping the dream alive, in not settling for what is familiar and comfortable.
Dream is a window to the other realm
Leaders must see the dream in their mind before they will accomplish the dream with their team.
Today and every day, live and lead the memory you want to leave behind.
New Labour leader Ed Miliband announces plan to 'make this party slightly less unelectable by 2015'. He added: 'I am Ed, the Almighty One.'Defeated brother David Miliband overheard muttering: 'Now I know how Wayne Christ felt after little Jesus came along.
No institutional arrangement will ever contain all that they church is. Don't look for it institutionally; look for it relationally. Certainly the New Testament talks about the priorities of that church -- Jesus as its sole head and focus, daily encouragement among believers, plural and lateral leadership, open participation, and an environment of freedom so people can grow in him.
The Christian leader of the future is called to be completely irrelevant and to stand in this world with nothing to offer but his or her own vulnerable self. That is the way Jesus came to reveal God's love. The great message that we have to carry, as ministers of God's Word and followers of Jesus, is that God loves us not because of what we do or accomplish, but because God has created and redeemed us in love and has chosen us to proclaim that love as the true source of all human life.
He (Peter) doesn't know if he's looking into the eyes of a madman, or the eyes of a King.
God is the leader of your team. As you follow Him with all your heart, you will be leading your team in Jesus’ steps.
Jesus modeled true leadership as both personal and hospitable.
A compassionate leader always feel motivated to bring happiness and relieve the suffering of customers, investors, suppliers, employees, government and the communities.
Never embarrass a student in front of others. Embarrass yourself often to relieve the tension, but do not paint them into a corner.
Mostly we think of people with great authority as higher up, far away, hard to reach. But spiritual authority comes from compassion and emerges from deep inner solidarity with those who are 'subject' to authority. The one who is fully like us, who deeply understands our joys and pains or hopes and desires, and who is willing and able to walk with us, that is the one to whom we gladly give authority and whose 'subjects' we are willing to be.It is the compassionate authority that empowers, encourages, calls forth hidden gifts, and enables great things to happen. True spiritual authorities are located in the point of an upside-down triangle, supporting and holding into the light everyone they offer their leadership to.
Take care of your people" is one of the principle lessons of military leadership. If we take care of our people on deployment, why should that change when we come home?
I'd always follow Nixon's orders, but you can't order somebody to be happy.
Being a leader is not about finding ways to get others to serve you, but knowing how to serve your followers.
A saint or monk can afford to be compassionate to all, but a leader or boss cannot always be kind. He may soon be without a job himself if he is unduly compassionate, and chances are, no one would show him any compassion then.
He keeps his voice kindly but remote. A cross between a pedagogue, soothsayer, and a benevolent uncle – that should be his tone.
Lead with honesty, total integrity, compassion, patience and tolerance — toward yourself!
Patience is not a natural gift of a leader, it is a learned one. The more you broaden your awareness, understanding, and compassion, the better results you will get out of your people.
You can unlock spiritual things only from within.
The three jewels of Tao: compassion, moderation, and humility. Balthasar said compassion leads to courage, moderation leads to generosity, and humility leads to leadership.
One-time rival and subsequent usurper Secretary of State Seward finally settled into an assessment of Lincoln that, "His confidence and compassion increase every day.
A visitor asked Lincoln what good news he could take home from an audience with the august executive. The president spun a story about a machine that baffled a chess champion by beating him thrice. The stunned champ cried while inspecting the machine, "There's a man in there!"Lincoln's good news, he confided from the heights of leadership, was that there was in fact a man in there.
Tomorrow's leaders will not lead dictating from the front, nor pushing from the back. They will lead from the centre - from the heart
Remember the many compartments of the heart, the seed of what is possible. So much of who we are is defined by the places we hold for each other. For it is not our ingenuity that sets us apart, but our capacity for love, the possibility our way will be lit by grace. Our hearts prisms, chiseling out the colors of pure light.
I learnt to test the size of my brain..by trying this simple thought ! Look out for the good things, not the faults.It takes a good deal bigger sized brain to find out what is not wrong with people and things than to fins out what is wrong!!!
All your THOUGHTS, are either an 'investment' to your well-being or a 'cost' to your well- being! Are your investments growing or the costs are too high..Think about it !
Thoughts are free, talk is cheap, and action is expensive. What's your worth?
The worst kind of poverty is the poverty of vision.
To overcome something great you must first learn to overcome your own fears.
Comparison kills...There will always be someone ahead of you and someone behind you in life...When you see someone behind you...feel blessed for you are ahead of them...When you see someone ahead of you...feel inspired for your own growth...Compare yourself to YOU of yesterday, if that's what you like to do...so you can become better today !
The ability to live in a stable, safe environment that gives us the opportunity to create, grow and nurture our talents is sadly denied to many in the world today. I am proud to be able to say – as a leader – I can offer this to my people.
Another great example of the power of vulnerability -- this time in a corporation -- is the leadership approach taken by Lululemon's CEO, Christine Day. In a video interview with CNN Money, Day explained that she was once a very bright, smart executive who "majored in being right." Her transformation came when she realized that getting people to engage and take ownership wasn't about "the teling" but about letting them come into the idea in a purpose-led way, and that her job was creating the space for others to perform. She chracterized this change as the shift from "having the best idea or problem solving" to "being the best leader of people.
Find a new and better leader within yourself, for yourself.
Knowing your feelings won't change the facts, but knowing the facts can change your feelings.
By your choices you reveal your commitments.
Purpose expresses most deeply what makes you a unique individual. Your purpose defines who you are, how you live your life and how you lead. Your purpose provides you with inner strength and drive to live and lead each day. It equips you with what you need to face the challenges of the day and of life. Your purpose provides context and meaning to your life.
With the right MINDSET, you can Survive, Thrive & Grow... Even in the Midst of turbulence and change
The foundation of all long-term success lies in building a Resilient and Growth oriented MINDSET.
21st Century Managers must change their thinking because they are now in the business of managing Mindsets & thinking, which impacts actions and behaviors.
Even the best Mindset will become contaminated and eventually blunted in a toxic organisational culture.
Succeeding in life and business is like falling in love with your wife (for those of you that are married). You can’t leave your wife at the mercy of another man and feel safe.
Strive to be a person of action, good deeds and a willing vessel of hope.
Your personal brand determines the kind of leadership influence you’ll provide.
The main factor that makes leadership potentials to become abused often is ignorance. Many people can merely spell their names in alphabets, but cannot pronounce their brands!
Don't be a pleaser of people just because of the fear of the losing your position. You cease to be a true leader when you do so!
God is not interested in your ability. He isinterested in your availability. When you availyour ability to God, you become a faithful leader.
A “self-leader” is the positively influence you have on yourself and on others without any influence with your titles and positions. You must be able to lead yourself before you can lead others.
• Plan in decades• Think in years• Work in months• Count in days• Live in the moment
Making appointments with yourself and scheduling other things around them is key to proactive self-management.
How we live as leaders matters.
The only thing tougher than developing leadership skills is attempting to be successful without them.
World Class leaders know the secret to motivating themselves and others is discovering what they will fight for when the going gets rough.
Entrepreneur, the development of your daily discipline will determine then deliver your desired distinction.
If you can't stand the heat in the kitchen, keep cooking. Success comes from repeatedly doing things that make you uncomfortable.
Organisations often appoint leaders for their IQ. Then, years later, sack them for their lack of EQ (Emotional Intelligence). Common Purpose argues that in the future they will promote for CQ - Cultural Intelligence.
It is not important who the leader is. Its important where they lead you to.
Don’t set your sights low, just because someone else has a limited view of life’s possibilities. One person's comfort zone may be another person's cage.
By connecting and being part of a community with a shared vision and goals, we can create great things.
The only day you should never write and achieve your goals is when the day ends with the letter y.
A person who values their goals actually values their achievements.
One of the things I’ve learnt about goals is people will write them or wrong them.
Leadership: Converting dreams into goals and goals into success.
Success is not certain until you are obsessed by your goal
We all have goals and dreams. Say them aloud to yourself
Managers’ responsibility is to ensure that people deliver the expected results, which are the company’s strategy. The company’s strategy, in turn, determines its competitive advantage. So, if a manager does a poor job of motivating employees’ productivity, the enterprise is a weak competitor.
The smart strategist allows strategy to be shaped by events. Good reactions can make great strategy. Strategy involves competition of goals, and the risk is the difference between those goals and the ability of the organization to achieve them. So part of the risk is created by the strategy.
Master Yourself and you master your environment! Such is the nature of wisdom.
I 'OWN' some part of the evolution...I want to make my SHARE 'relevant' 'meaningful' and 'miraculous'!!
‪#‎TRUTH‬ ‪#‎BEREAL‬We must be ruthlessly honest with and about Self..Self Assessments are often inflated or deflated or just imaginary..
The president notices that when he takes off his coat to dig, people take more notice of the visual than they did his preceding remarks.
Public servants in this Europe often do their best when they stop caring about whether they'll be fired.
He wasn't an especially charismatic or commanding individual, but what he lacked in personality he emphatically made up for in diligence.
All professions have some element of theater to them.
In every age there comes a time when a leader must come forward to meet the needs of the hour. Therefore, there is no potential leader who does not have the opportunity to make a positive difference in society.
Teddy Roosevelt "had relished "every hour" of every day as president. Indeed, (he was) fearing the "dull thud" he would experience upon returning to private life.
A call to duty, a call for service.
If you're not grateful for what you already have, why should you be blessed with more...
Sometimes we exist long enough to lead the next generation; other times, only to plant a seed and let its resonations of our time here on Earth ripple into new waves.
What a joy to meet and be around with people who're self-aware with healthy self-esteem. They embrace you and make your stay with them enjoyable.
A leader helps others to reach their full leadership potential.
Self leadership requires us to lead and motivate ourselves. But it looks a heck of a lot like schizophrenia during a ropes course.
The more we can embrace failure, the more we will be able to open to it and the more confident and resilient we will become.
One asset every leader, shouldn't risk anything to lose at all cost, is team confidence.
A strong confident person can rule the room with knowledge, personal style, attitude and great posture.
Overcoming challenges purifies you like gold to become bold.
Confidence confers on you the courage to conquer challenges.
Most people fail in leadership b/c they think when they should be working and work when they should be thinking.
Sometimes you just have to know when the battle you’re fighting is one best walked away from, than fought to the cold, bitter end.
If you plan for failure, then you are expecting to fail. If you plan for success, you’ll be successful. Once you start making a ‘Plan B’, you distract from ‘Plan A’, and the moment you start believing there are other options, you start settling for less.
People fail 2 ways: 1) don't know what to do 2) don't do what they know; therefore, great leaders must educate and inspire.
I keep a vivid memory of failure in my back pocket, so no matter how much I accomplish I stay grounded.
Success is mesmerizing, and blinding. Sometimes you need good old fashion failure to open your eyes.
Relax your fears, let your ambition take the wheel for a while; it'll take you somewhere exciting that you've never been.
As a leader, I am there to make the best decisions possible with the evidence at hand and to be able to justify that decision. If it goes wrong, we add to the evidence for making the next decision, but there is no reason for regretting failure, as failure is just the production of evidence.
What matters more than where you are is the direction you are heading.
Those who envy the success of others are normally ignorant to the sacrifices, failures, and dedication that it took for them to get there.
The successes and failures of yesterday are gone, today is a new day.
Failure is the ultimate motivator, the supreme teacher, and the definitive guarantee of life. Failure is what makes success so addictive.
Stress builds character and failure breeds motivation. I guess I'm a Optimist.
Stagnation floods the mind with thoughts of failure and slowly drowns the will to succeed
The road to success is full of pit stops, pitfalls, and self pity; my advice is simply don’t stop!
Great leadership produces great success. Weak leadership produces failure.
The enemy doesn't warn its target. Emergencies do not make appointments, and the greatest battles of life are often surprises.
African leaders must desire to liberates it’s people through intensive education (formal and informal). The African people deserve to be educated.
You can't get what you want, if the intentions are solely directed for self-benefits.
When a desire is deep, it reaches the subconscious mind and calls for cultivation of qualities that will help fulfill desires, and this is what transforms an ordinary person into a great leader.
When man is finally able to see himself and the world around him with clear cognition, he finds a picture far more pleasant. Visible in unmistakable clarity and devastating detail is man’s failure to be what he might be and his misuse of his world. This revelation causes him to leap out in search of a way of life and system of values which will enable him to be more than he has been. He seeks a foundation of self-respect, which will have value system rooted in knowledge and cosmic reality where he expresses himself so that all others, all beings can continue to exist. His values now are of a different order from those at previous levels: They arise not from selfish interest but from the recognition of the magnificence of existence and the desire that it shall continue to be.
Humanity needs heroic leadership from those who see all life as precious.
The Function of Leadership is to produce more Leaders, Not more Followers.
Change leads to growth. Resistance leads to rigidity. Rigidity leads to ...
There may be a day when you find yourself standing at the precipice, looking down into the abyss of hopelessness and waiting, pleading, begging for someone who has been in this place before to come alongside you and show you the way back to hope.
All leadership begins from inside a person and must be developed and grown as they grow into emerging and enduring leaders
When our time is up we can only take with us what we have learned and experienced in our development in creating for ourselves and others."By helping others we help ourselves
Teamwork is the secret that make common people achieve uncommon result.
Tchingis, if you determine this is to be so, who can withstand you? You are poetry after an ugly day, and heal wounds I didn't know I had.
Your darkest moments are not meant to be swept under the carpet, hidden from the world in the silent pursuit of perfection. The darkness you've overcome is your ticket into leadership. It's what you're meant to light up in the world.
Never let a man determine the woman you want to be.
Make a commitment to serve the needs of the ‘least of these’ and give voice to the voiceless.
All over the world there are students, teachers and parents that face serious challenges every day. They need help with real problems that have life-altering consequences—and a group of intelligent professionals brought together to advise and educate stakeholders in need of help ought to be able to do so without behaving like a middle school drama queen.
How are things with you, sir?""Fine." He says it flat."Coffee black. BLT."Now my heart tells me this guy needs more in life, so I take a short. "You ever had a cheese burger with grilled onions and mushrooms on pumpernickel, sir?"That takes a minute to sink in.Then he slaps the counter, grinning. "Bring it on."I sense he needs more."You want a malt with that, by any chance?"He did, of course. "Chocolate," he says, beaming like a kid.Now he's loosening up.It's a privilege to touch humanity in such a fashion.
There is but one just use of power, and it is to serve people.
Even under false accusation those who are in the right can afford to be calm and considerate. God is acquainted with all that is misunderstood and misinterpreted by men, and we can safely leave our case in His hands. He will as surely vindicate the cause of those who put their trust in Him as He searched out the guilt of Achan. Those who are actuated by the spirit of Christ will possess that charity which suffers long and is kind.
We have taught this generation how to "market" the Gospel but we have neglected to encourage them to "preach" the Gospel.
We have created a culture of leadership "development" in the Church at the expense of ignore the ministry of the Church to making disciples.
A great leader may be executed in the name of malevolence, yet when his followers look upon his legacy they will see not only the man who once stood, but even more will they see the ideas for which he stood.
Rethink Your Success Mindset: Times are getting tougher. We need tougher mindsets to ensure that we go beyond survive to thrive.
Rethink Your Success Mindset: With the right mindset, everything that you experience, along your journey towards success, is a blessing.
Rethink Your Success Mindset: Gratitude is the attitude, fuel and catalyst that transforms life's challenges into wisdom.
When there is alignment and understanding, it is much easier to navigate forward together, moving in and out of agreement.
I’ve had a lot of lieutenants over the years, and all the good ones were sick, sick individuals. You might be the best one yet.
A leader’s first duty is to look after his or her people, especially those who are sick, hungry, or thirsty.
I see you have returned, my love; and your mood is as dark as ever. Did your soldiers not adore you to your complete satisfaction?
It would not do to be Lord of a universe inhabited solely by serfs.
Change does not surface when you are not ready to be the catalyst. Your reaction matters, not your inaction.
Action w/o orchestration is burn out
To lead from the front you must get off your behind.
To change you must want to change, you must be responsible for the change, and then take action to make the change. It is your race to run so you need to choose your road wisely.
Too many leaders fancy themselves on being philosophers, but not enough pride themselves on decisive action.
Without action, a vision is just a piece of paper. In education, we have lots of paper.
Life is an extraordinary gift some people appear not to appreciate. In every breath and scent, every touch and sight we are gifted by new experience and the chance to feel the richness of experience. Every sound we hear, from the song of a bird to the harshness of an angry voice, is a miracle.
Statesmanship is developed in the hard knocks of general experience, private and public.
Afrikaans was the language of the white minority in South Africa, and the forced learning of it created resentment among blacks. Even so, Nelson Mandela made it a point to learn this language in prison in anticipation that it would help him lead the whole of South Africa.
Do you know great minds enjoy excellence, average minds love mediocrity and small minds adore comfort zones?
Wisdom from Top Butler: Guard yourself at all times but don't let anyone lead you to live a guarded life that is all.
As a leader you should look in the mirror and ask yourself would I follow you ensured of a victory.
Strength isn't measured by how many things or people you manage but more prevalent is how much you can self manage and guide yourself to your next check point.
If you want to know more about someone, look at their results.
What distinguished him in a moment of crisis was his self-command.
The snowball of selfishness quickly becomes an avalanche.
The question is not 'Am I a leader?' - the question is 'What kind of leader am I?
Understanding who you are is critical for your career advancement. Self-awareness helps you get ahead.
When you can truly understand how others experience your behavior, without defending or judging, you then have the ability to produce a breakthrough in your leadership and team. Everything starts with your self-awareness. You cannot take charge without taking accountability, and you cannot take accountability without understanding how you avoid it.
Organizational culture is just like the “Operation System” of the organization, you need reboot periodically to keep it running smoothly.
Disequilibrium is often instigated by the will to power, a sleepless drive in the human personality to control others, to force them to do what one wants, or not to do what one opposes.
Islam is in a formative period struggling to consolidate the vast reach won by both inspiration and force at its founding. Two centuries along, the faith of Muhammad hangs like an intricate veil: a religion still searching for institutional wholeness, a set of lessons to live by.
In a servant leadership culture we learn by choice or example that if we want to be great, we have to serve others respectfully.
He had to grow his own NCOs.
Authentic leadership is at the root of cultures of great innovation, engagement, outstanding client experiences, and growth.
Growing a culture requires a good storyteller. Changing a culture requires a persuasive editor.
Houses are built brick-by-brick. HOMEs are built word-by-word. Houses don't build themselves. So YOU must build your home
The Swedes have coined the term 'management by perkele' to portray the Finnish managerial approach. Instead of collectively pondering all the possible alternatives and letting every member of the staff from the cleaner to the MD voice their views, as the Swedes do, the Finns act swiftly and don't waste time on the decision-making process. If something isn't happening quickly enough, it is necessary for the top managers to slam their fists on the table and yell, 'Perkele!' Repeatedly, if necessary.
A leaders gentle reaction and sound instruction are their greatest weapons.
An angry leader is a scared leader or a hurt leader or a frustrated leader but most of all they are a vulnerable leader.
Having the right attitude is fundamental to being an effective leader.
You are shaped by Your thinking. The outcome of your life cannot be better than your pattern of thought
If you can't tell someone how to think, then you have to learn to manage the environment where they think.
Thought leadership is by nature evolutionary, in that it must always be part of an ever-evolving flow.
Your Results will only change when you change your mindset, thinking and actions.
Your most important task as a leader is to teach people how to think and ask the right questions so that the world doesn't go to hell if you take a day off.
We naturally think from our own perspective, from a point of view which tends to privilege our position. Fairness implies the treating of all relevant viewpoints alike without reference to one's own feelings or interests. Because we tend to be biased in favor of our own viewpoint, it is important to keep the standard of fairness at the forefront of our thinking. This is especially important when the situation may call on us to see things we don't want to see, or give something up that we want to hold onto.
When you look down the length of your chain and see it is made mostly of weak links it is time to pull out the bolt cutters.
You never require a teacher to lead you into the wrong path, but you do require a kindly word to conduct you aright.
One day in my pharmacology class, we were discussing the possibility of legalizing marijuana. The class was pretty evenly divided between those that advocated legalizing marijuana and those that did not. The professor said he wanted to hear from a few people on both sides of the argument. A couple students had the opportunity to stand in front of the class and present their arguments. One student got up and spoke about how any kind of marijuana use was morally wrong and how nobody in the class could give him any example of someone who needed marijuana.	A small girl in the back of the classroom raised her hand and said that she didn’t want to get up, but just wanted to comment that there are SOME situations in which people might need marijuana. The same boy from before spoke up and said that she needed to back up her statements and that he still stood by the fact that there wasn’t anyone who truly needed marijuana. 	The same girl in the back of the classroom slowly stood up. As she raised her head to look at the boy, I could physically see her calling on every drop of confidence in her body. She told us that her husband had cancer. She started to tear up, as she related how he couldn’t take any of the painkillers to deal with the radiation and chemotherapy treatments. His body was allergic and would have violent reactions to them. She told us how he had finally given in and tried marijuana. Not only did it help him to feel better, but it allowed him to have enough of an appetite to get the nutrients he so desperately needed.	She started to sob as she told us that for the past month she had to meet with drug dealers to buy her husband the only medicine that would take the pain away. She struggled every day because according to society, she was a criminal, but she was willing to do anything she could to help her sick husband. Sobbing uncontrollably now, she ran out of the classroom. The whole classroom sat there in silence for a few minutes. Eventually, my professor asked, “Is there anyone that thinks this girl is doing something wrong?” Not one person raised their hand.
Sustainable change, after all, depends not upon compliance with external mandates or blind adherence to regulation, but rather upon the pursuit of the greater good.
If you help them (the crew) create good memories, they'll forget all the bad stuff
To vastly improve your country and truly make it great again, start by choosing a better leader. Do not let the media or the establishment make you pick from the people they choose, but instead choose from those they do not pick.
Great leaders are teachable leaders.
I've many reasons why I believe that every individual I meet is a greatness material
It is never an idea, technology, market forces, or access to capital that makes a company innovative. What differentiates an innovative company from an average company is the people working inside the company.
No, I don't admire the genius. But I admire and love the result of the genius's activity in the world, of which the great man is only the poor necessary tool, only, so to speak, the paltry awl to bore with.
A surrendered heart leads to greatness. A stubborn heart leads to struggle.
Expression is saying what you wish to say, Impression is saying what others wish to hear.
When you have nothing to say, don't.
I believe "Leadership" is creating the environment for the greatness in people to emerge.
Honesty and integrity are the yardsticks by which we measure our intrinsic value.
If a ruler who wants to act honourably is surrounded by unscrupulous men, his downfall is inevitable.
Hollow Horn Bear knew that to be leader and adviser of his people he must be honest and reliable, and that his word once given in promise must never be taken back. He knew that he must be a man of will-power, standing for the right no matter what happened to him personally; that he must have strength of purpose, allowing no influence to turn him from doing what was best for the tribe. He must be willing to serve his people without thought of pay. He must be utterly unselfish and kind-hearted to the old and poor and stand ready to give to those in need. Above all, he must be unafraid to deal equal justice to all.
The great man will come when all of us are feeling great, not when all of us are feeling small. He will ride in at some splendid moment when we all feel that we could do without him."We are then able to answer in some manner the question, "Why have we no great men?" We have no great men chiefly because we are always looking for them. We are connoisseurs of greatness, and connoisseurs can never be great; we are fastidious, that is, we are small."When Diogenes went about with a lantern looking for an honest man, I am afraid he had very little time to be honest himself And when anybody goes about on his hands and knees looking for a great man to worship, he is making sure that one man at any rate shall not be great."Now, the error of Diogenes is evident. The error of Diogenes lay in the fact that he omitted to notice that every man is both an honest man and a dishonest man. Diogenes looked for his honest man inside every crypt and cavern; but he never thought of looking inside the thief.
We live in a world full of duplicity.We are surrounded by people with duplicitous nature.They will be shooting arrows to question our honesty at every step we make.Therefore,it is our duty to protect ourselves by using our integrity as an armor and march forward, victoriously.
Integrity is the sentry for the conscious soul.
When we aren't curious in conversations we judge, tell, blame and even shame, often without even knowing it, which leads to conflict.
You don't gain authority by raising your voice. You prove you don't have any.
You don't gain authority by raising your voice. You prove you don't any.
We’ll never solve the problems we don’t talk about.
There’s one thing you can start doing right now that will change how you communicate with any young human: Remember what it’s like to be one.
Leadership is giving out far more than one expects in direct return. The rewards are intangible, yet priceless.
What we are most passionate about becomes our legacy.
Many men have children, but not many children have 'Fathers'. Age releases to you reproductive skills. Fatherhood requires LEADERSHIP skills
The Tone is the Message.
Solitude helps the soul remember that life andwork have two completely different meanings. It remindsus that we were created for greatness in relationship withothers, not task lists and spreadsheets.
Silence is for fools. Communication is for leaders. Justice is for those brave enough to not stand another moment dealing with people that feel the solution to any problem is through cold indifference because of their lack of courage and insecurities.
God does not need just ability but availability
Even Satan can quote scripture out of context why are we surprised when men do it.
Using a combination of history, common sense, the Word of God and the Spirit of God, every leader can generally predict the way things will go.
We shouldn't go to the Bible to back up what we believe. We should look to the Bible to determine what we believe.
Leadership isn't about age but rather, leadership is about influence, impact & inspiration.
A good leader is not elected, he is appointed.
The young must learn to appreciate the wisdom of elderly people and learn from their life experiences.
Imagine if all the car makers in the world were to sit down together to design one extremely simple, embellishment-free, functional car that was made from the most environmentally-sustainable materials, how cheap to buy and humanity-and-Earth-considerate that vehicle would be. And imagine all the money that would be saved by not having different car makers duplicating their efforts, competing and trying to out-sell each other, and overall how much time that would liberate for all those people involved in the car industry to help those less fortunate and suffering in the world. Likewise, imagine when each house is no longer designed to make an individualised, ego-reinforcing, status-symbol statement for its owners and all houses are constructed in a functionally satisfactory, simple way, how much energy, labour, time and expense will be freed up to care for the wellbeing of the less fortunate and the planet.
Humankind is the greatest resources.
What do I and a diamond have in common? We are tough, brilliant, and carbon based entities which evolved into something better under immense pressure, tribulation, and trials.
--a man without birth, without courage, without conduct. For my part, I declare, sir, it shall never be said that I made such a man my master.
He was one of life’s great helpers, for he cleaned up foul places and made them sweet.
You will see true character after a defeated ambition
If you put yourself in the emotion that you want from others, you are more likely to receive it.
It is with words that my heart sings, with the substance of integrity my character soars and without regret I look back smiling ~bns
I'm not concerned with whether you got to the top. I want to know how far you climbed. That is where the real achievement is found.
Where your flesh is in front, your future is behind.
A leader is not authenticated by title or position, but by character and influence, most important by leading among the pack and not in front.
The character to follow thru on commitments made to others is built by following thru on commitments made to self.
You can’t be a successful leader or mentor until you have served. You can’t serve until you have stepped out of your comfort zone. And you can’t step out of your comfort zone unless you have character and keep your word.
Never underestimate the capacity of people to choose the easy way.
When making the problem go away is more important than solving the problem leadership begins to fail. The easy way vs. The character way.
Your talent and giftedness as a leader have the potential to take you farther than your character can sustain you. That ought to scare you.
The road is long if one proceeds by way of precepts but short and effectual if by way of personal example.
If you don't demonstrate leadership character, your skills and your results will be discounted, if not dismissed.
Leadership consists of nothing but taking responsibility for everything that goes wrong and giving your subordinates credit for everything that goes well.
Great men are strong men with great leadership qualities. They inspire others to be loving and caring like themselves. By this their character is made stronger.
Individual effort is good but collective effort is better. We need a NETWORK of nation builders
Character primarily is honesty with God, ones-self, and others."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Character is contagious.
A tough hide with a tender heart is a goal that all leaders must have.
People will follow you when you build the character to follow through.
Good governance is about nothing more or less than creating happiness. It really is that simple.
Every nation needs more people who love liberty, fear mob rule, and hate tyranny with the consistent logic and passion of Alexis de Tocqueville. He is still quoted by presidential candidates, but too often he’s ignored by presidents, and therein lies the danger. Tocqueville reads beautifully but governs even better.
There could be nothing more fortunate for human affairs than that by the mercy of God they who are endowed with true piety of life if they have the skill for ruling people should also have the power.
Since when has leadership been a criterion for sanity? Or vice versa. Hitler was a gifted leader, even Nixon. Exhibit leadership qualities as an adolescent, they pack you off to law school for an anus transplant. If it takes, you go into government.
The challenge has always been that "good people" don't know how to win elections
Any government has as much of a duty to avoid war as a ship's captain has to avoid a shipw
A great leader never fears criticism and welcomes them with openness and love as if they are the beauty of the journey.
Great leaders create memorable journeys
Great journeys live long in the memory of those who participate in them
Our being is more important than our doing. We are human beings, acting as though we are human doings. In our frenzied doing, we are often not conscious of our state of being. Yet our deepest impact comes from our state of being because it is at the root of our intentions, our choices, and our behavior.
Authenticity is a practice we choose in each present moment. It is not a plan or a destination to get to. The choices we make in the now are most important because in a fast-changing world, flexing to what’s happening now, and creating from it is a critical leadership skill.
War is an option of difficulties.
When you learn to say 'NO', you activate the faculty of 'CHOICE' in your mind ! Some of the times you are the chosen one..at other times you CHOOSE for yourself..and saying NO is a sign that one has graduated into becoming a wise CHOICEMAKER ......
The only pressure I agree to, is my conscious and not peer pressure.
Life is a choice. Your choices each day determine what outcomes happen in your life. It is by choice, not by chance, that will determine your life. An Unstoppable Life begins by taking responsibility for your choices.
Life is a series of choices and all we can do is make them.
Politics was at once clinical and human, driven by principles and passions that he (the leader) had to master and harness for the good of the whole.
When you feel good about the value you offer the organization, communicating and demonstrating your value to others is much easier.
Be a solution provider and not a part of the problem to be solved
Seek justice: Make a commitment to serve the needs of the ‘least of these’ and give voice to the voiceless.
What is your hands to make a difference in the world?
Anxious systems also fail to get a clear view of things. Embedded in their dread, they lose a sense of proportion. They have little awareness of what is happening and how it is being mutually maintained. Emotionally cramps the broader view.
Stop using the medical system and start using the self care system
If you are a good leader, you are a good listener.
Don't take purposeless people as your leaders. Their life is like an empty book with a nice cover paper and you have attempted to buy it. Of which use will it be to you for you to read blank pages.
Be an example, be positive, be enthusiastic, be proactive--that is proactive leadership.
Time, energy, and focus; these are the resources at your disposal each and every day.
By acknowledging our boundaries and limitations, we attain greater heights than we ever will by appearing to think we know everything.
David would wear no purple cloth, no symbols of his kingship, when he went to greet the ark. In its presence, we were all of us servants.
Awful momentum makes carrying through easier than calling off folly.
My own spirit, soul, and body are my nearest machinery for sacred service.
I am a neighbour king to stretch my branches over him, just as Toghrul sheltered me when I was a weed-stalk next to a strong tree.
Nixon under pressure turned only to reporters from publications already favorable to him; Kennedy, in trouble, turned to those most critical and dubious of him, and if anything tended to take those already for him a bit for granted.
They (the media) found little quality of depth to him, that when she said on the platform with that which he said to them in private. The qualities of introspection and reflectiveness that they particularly treasured were missing.
One of the ladies asked about that awful Bobby Kennedy, and Goldwater responded by speaking about the attorney general with touching affection. (Mary) McGrory recalled how Jack Kennedy behaved at a similar stage in his campaign: spouting statistics, attacking carefully chosen enemies and puffing all the right friends, quoting dead Greeks, never cracking a joke lest he remind the voters how young he was.
A commander's pride got his soldiers dead.
The factor that made him so powerful was also his greatest liability.
They possess the self- effacing virtues of people who are inclined to be useful but don’t need to prove anything to the world:
If you're a boss, and not a leader, your time is limited.
The counselee should be aware that you are not God. Better yet, she should be aware that you are aware that you are not God.
Vision and persistence will take you to the top of the leadership mountain, but only humility will keep you there.
The immediate reactions of the two superpower leaders when confronted with the gravest international crisis of their careers were much the same, shock, wounded pride, grim determination, and barely repressed fear.
Great leaders are the first to say, “I was wrong. Let’s make a change.
The author describes megalomania as seen in Chairman Mao by saying that what he was familiar with, he was really familiar with. This zeal moved the megalomaniac with a complete lack of appreciation for what he DID NOT know.
Confident and courageous leaders have no problems pointing out their own weaknesses and ignorance.
No one is charismatic. Someone becomes charismatic in history, socially. The question for me is once again the problem of humility. If the leader discovers that he is becoming charismatic not because of his or her qualities but because mainly he or she is being able to express the expectations of a great mass of people, then he or she is much more of a translator of the aspirations and dreams of the people, instead of being the creator of the dreams. In expressing the dreams, he or she is recreating these dreams. If he or she is humble, I think that the danger of power would diminish.
The immortality of Thomas Jefferson does not lie in any one of his achievements, or in the series of his achievements, but in his attitude towards mankind and the conception which he sought to realize in action of the service owed by America to the rest of the world...Thomas Jefferson was a great leader of men because he understood and interpreted the spirits of men.
Don't make excuses. Make commitments and stick to them.
New beginnings can be painful ends. What your attitude is changes ends into new beginnings.
The humble one is the better one.
ReThink culture, because it is the foundation of all strategic success.
ReThink your success mindset: In life, the stuff that really matters most, is invisible, but palpable.
The few individuals who are capable of spontaneous and joyous effort stand out. These are the select men, the nobles, the only ones who are active and not merely reactive, for whom life is a perpetual striving, an incessant course of training.
Being willing to listen to others and let them speak into our lives is a critical attitude leaders must have. It is not weakness to get good advice - it is strength to seek it out.
It's not what you eat that will kill you as much as what is eating you.
Qualifications or not without gratitude you not qualified enough to be a leader.
I am hopeful because love overflows from my heart. Gratitude for beauty and life leads my way.
Embrace the change you desperately need. Tear down your walls and show gratitude for little things.
Every nation can harness the energy of its citizens, either towards constructive work to generate optimism and hope, or towards tensions, unrest and war.
REAL Leaders are experts at bringing out the best in others... Thinking , feelings and actions. They improve their teams' thinking skills and Mindsets.
Performance depends upon our actions an behaviors, which are activated by emotions, which are created when our MINDSET meets reality... Mindsets Matter Most
With the right Mindset...effective thinking is automatic.
You don't see the world as it is, you see it,as you are.
Political judgment is the ability to hear the distant hoofbeats of the horse of history.
Author points out in Woodrow Wilson the flipside of the positive we might call big picture vision. He observes that as college president Wilson resorted to the language of a national crusade when he met resistance in a local, academic issue.
Be like a rocky promontory against which the restless surf continually pounds; it stands fast while the churning sea is lulled to sleep at its feet. I hear you say, "How unlucky that this should happen to me!" Not at all! Say instead, "How lucky that I am not broken by what has happened and am not afraid of what is about to happen. The same blow might have struck anyone, but not many would have absorbed it without capitulation or complaint.
I did not know of any single soul who succeed in life without a mentorship.
He who cannot swim should neither chase the dolphins nor play with sharks. For him disaster awaits like sunrise.
Yes, it's important to inspire the next generation but let's not forget to inspire the now generation too.
Serving my generation with excellence will in turn mean my generation can lead with excellence.
Serving my generation with excellence will mean my generation can in turn lead with excellence.
He was the subject of a little respectful ribbing. But he was, of course, the captain, which meant he had to do lots of the ribbing himself.
Remain open-minded, even when you believe yourself to be a king among peasants. You never know what blessings can be gained or crises averted just by listening.
You are mostly treated by others, the way you deserve.
We are enjoined whenever we behold the gifts of God in others so to reverence and respect the gifts as also to honor those in whom they reside.
The more you give, the more you get.
Listen with your eyes as well as your ears.
Listen with an open mind, gather all the incoming information, both verbal and non-verbal and be careful not to ignore things you don’t wish to hear. Don’t make assumptions or jump to conclusions. The punchline usually comes at the end!
If Patience is the Key of Success then Communication is the master key of it
If the Times gave readers far more news, then Lippmann at the Trib made the world seem far more understandable.
Just as he was slowly bringing order to his own internal life, he would also bring order to his language.
The concert we give is winning. And if all the people in our organization whose instrument is scouting of player development or major league scouting or player knowledge, all play well, we're going to have the most beautiful symphony of success. And I think we have.
Great Leaders develop through a never ending process of self-study, self-reflection, education, training, and experience
I was not a great communicator, but I communicated great things.
I discovered that night (in his college's student politics) that an audience has a feel to it, and, in the parlance of the theater, that audience and I were together.
The thing about language is that once you start getting analytical about it, you can't stop.
If you criticize others’ ideas, they will almost never use yours no matter how good they are.
Choose your words meticulously and then let them rumble up from some deep furnace of conviction.
All power lies in free expression.
Let go of a need for personal recognition. Heap kudos on others and they’ll perform even better next time. Leaders are only as good as those who follow them and followers are at their best when leaders are quick to give credit for successes.
You're going to act like a happy man. I know, I know. It's the hardest role in the world.
It was typical of the American to identify the one unfinished strand.
People work harder, longer, and more creatively if they are motivated by the intrinsic pleasure of their work. Managers must do everything they can to make the value of jobs obvious and the joy in them accessible.
Teach them the quiet words of kindness, to live beyond themselves. Urge them toward excellence, drive them toward gentleness, pull them deep into yourself, pull them upward toward manhood, but softly like an angel arranging clouds. Let your spirit move through them softly.
On Lee as commander: "He had a cheerful dignity and could praise them (his men) without seeming to court their favor.
Josiah became King of Judah at the age of eight. Joan of Arc led the French Army at nineteen. King Tut led all of Egypt at age nine. Age isn't everything you think it is. Your heart and your spirit speak more than a simple candle count on your birthday cake. ~Tony (Exposing ELE)
Mindful leadership keeps you cool and energetic in any situation, so that you can make the best possible decisions.
Mindfulness is the art of cosmic collaboration.
Mindfulness gives us the power to understand our deep connection with the trees, flowers, stars, sun and the moon.
Mindfulness requires being a beginner. Setting absurdly high-standards, and being unwilling to be a novice, are the joint enemies of personal progress and change. Nobody benchpresses 100 kilos the first time they enter a gym.
Rethink success: Few people will ever discover that the most important business they will ever run.. is their life!
His (Washington's) apparent paralysis was the result of balancing two imperatives: his reputation against the survival of the Continental Army.
Some people only go to church for the social life. They like having all the friends in church or getting the praises of men by doing certain things, but they don’t go there to actually worship God. They go there so others can worship THEM instead.
Ask yourself...If I walk a tight rope,will I fall ,If I shake my balance of thought will it deter me and if I stay focused will I succeed?.~bns
The Disciplined Leader is someone who focuses on the 20 percent of activities that drive 80 percent of results.
Entrepreneur, become so disciplined that even your distractions become focused.
Entrepreneur, make today count but don't let the day count you. ~ Onyi Anyado.
You have to be so disciplined that even your distractions become focused.
Kennedy echoed Stanley Baldwin that a democracy is always two years behind a dictator.
whenever we stop doing something, we start doing anything
The ability to stay calm and focused in the midst of change is what distinguishes great leaders from those just collecting a paycheck.
When you don't know where you are going in life (No Clear Destination), you don't need direction... you need Divine Revelation
Jessica Parker. You posses an exceptional gift of leadership. We honor your unwavering determination and your steadfast loyalty. You are a champion of justice and a true visionary guardian of the world.
Don't put forth for tomorrow what you can do today.
The time to lead is now.
Somebody needs to be in charge! They may not always like what you’re doing, but press on!” My late uncle, CSM, US Army (Ret) Harris L. Parker, Airborne Ranger, aka Hardcore
I am praetor of the legion," Reyna said. "I judge this to be in the best interest of Rome." "To get yourself killed? To break our oldest laws and travel to the Ancient Lands? How will you even find their ship, assuming you survive the journey?" [Octavian]"I will find them," Reyna said.
Helping those less fortunate than us is a blessed opportunity to show thanks for the gifts of life that we ourselves enjoy.
I will never abandon one opportunity and wait for another. We have not reached the goal we are striving for. What you see now is nothing compared to our vision…just tiny parts of what lies ahead.
Leaders don't need a path. They make one.
The sign of a good leader is easy to recognize, though it is hardly ever seen. For the greatest leaders are those who share as equals in the trials and struggles, the demands and expectations, the hills and trenches, the laws and punishments placed upon the backs of those governed. A great leader is motivated not by power but by compassion. Therefore he can do nothing but make himself a servant to those whom he rules. Such a leader is unequivocally respected, and loved for loving.
People of great faith are almost always lacking in reason, while people possessed of great reason often suffer from a pitiful lack of faith. So it always happens that people of great faith can move the world but cannot steer it, while people possessed of great reason excel at steering the world but are hopeless at moving it
Never allow your head to be buried in the grave of the fearful, mediocrity, and purposeless. Get up and begin to produce something great with your life. Stand out and stand tall.
If you follow the herd, people may mistake you for a cow.
Stars do not shine on their friends alone.
Breaking from the herd is better than getting lost in it.
Wolves travel in packs, not in herds.
Great is a great one whose great ones are great
The more varied the environments in which you exercise your leadership gift, the stronger that gift will become. You will become a far more effective leader.
Malicious or not, strong leaders always attracted followers
What I’m suggesting is that the essence of leadership is soundness and that the essence of soundness is soul, which paradoxical as you might think it is, is that child within.
Fatigue could be the dealmaker's friend.
In five minutes you should know if people have confirmed, calculated & considered your vision.
How you react when your back is against the wall will determine if you see what's actually over the wall.
What the average call excellent, the excellent call average.
You need to choose your association according to your vision.
My role as a role model is to teach my generation how to excel in the role of distinction.
One of the things I've learned about vision is people will grab it mentally or, have a crab mentality.
Greatness is unleashed when you develop faith in the power of your faith.
As a leader, if you can no longer inspire your people it is time to step aside and let someone else take the lead
Lead by inspiration, not intimidation.
The Church is Christ’s witness to the world of a loving savior and His redemptive plan for man.
Church must lead all other spheres of influence.We find people from all the mountains there.The church leaders must be able to mentor them
The Christians of today are so unsubmissive to the leadership of the church, this is unbiblical.
Somehow we American pastors, without really noticing what was happening, got our vocations redefined in the terms of American careerism. We quit thinking of the parish as a location for pastoral spirituality and started thinking of it as an opportunity for advancement. Tarshish, not Nineveh, was the destination. The moment we did that, we started thinking wrongly, for the vocation of pastor has to do with living out the implications of the word of God in community, not sailing off into the exotic seas of religion in search of fame and fortune.
There is a long and well-documented tradition of wisdom in the Christian faith that any venture into leadership, whether by laity or clergy, is hazardous. it is necessary that there be leaders, but woe to those who become leaders.
Deception is nowhere more common than in religion. And the persons most easily and damningly deceived are the leaders. Those who deceive others are first themselves deceived, for not many, I think, begin with evil intent. The devil, after all, is a spiritual being. His usual mode of temptation is not an obvious evil but to an apparent good. The commonest forms of devil-inspired worship do not take place furtively at black masses with decapitated cats but flourish under the bright lights of acclaim and glory, in a swirl of organ music.
Pastors enter congregations vocationally in order to embrace the totality of human life in Jesus' name. We are convinced there is no detail, however unpromising, in people's lives in which Christ may not work his will. Pastors agree to stay with the people in their communities week in and week out, year in and year out, to proclaim and guide, encourage and instruct as God work his purposes (gloriously, it will eventually turn out) in the meandering and disturbingly inconstant lives of our congregations.This necessarily means taking seriously, and in faith, the dull routines, the empty boredom, and the unattractive responsibilities that make up much of most people's lives. It means witnessing to the transcendent in the fog and rain. It means living hopefully among people who from time to time get flickering glimpses of the Glory but then live through stretches, sometimes long ones, of unaccountable grayness. Most pastor work takes place in obscurity: deciphering grace in the shadows, searching out meaning in a difficult text, blowing on the embers of a hard-used life. This is hard work and not conspicuously glamorous.
Church leaders raised on rationalism lead ministries where the supernatural, the Vertical, is suppressed and where God Himself is at best an observer and certainly seldom, if ever, and obvious participant in church.
As a leader it is your job to protect the missional integrity of the Jesus gathering to which you have been called. It is your responsibility to see to it that the church under your care continues as a gathering of people in process; a place where the curious,the unconvinced, the sceptical, the used-to-believe and the broken, as well as the committed, informed and sold-out come together around Peter's declaration that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the living God.
Authentic leaders are often accused of being "controlling" by those who idly sit by and do nothing
Jesus did not command us to "develop" leaders. He commanded us to make "disciples". The world "develops" leaders, the Church "disciples" them. The two are not the same.
To instill the values for the culture was and is the responsibility of the leadership, and staff alignment was critical to its success. It started with both board and staff. They realized that they needed to share the same value system that says, “I am the equipper, not the doer.” If not, there were going to be immense roadblocks to effectively mobilizing people for ministry.
If you want your ministry to have ‘it’, more important than anything else we’ve discussed, you must have ‘it’. When it has filtered through your heart - the rare combination of passion, integrity, focus, faith, expectation, drive, hunger, and God’s anointing - God tends to infuse your ministry with ‘it’. He blesses your work. People are changed. Leaders grow. Resources flow. The ministry seems to take on a life of its own.
A missionary church cannot rely on the professional ministry for the primary work of mission. The role of the laity is critical because it is the lay members of the church who have the greatest contact with those who are outside of the normal structures of church life. In such a situation the task of clergy is not so much to engage in mission themselves, as to support the laity in their mission.
The idea of waste only comes into our Christianity when we underestimate the worth of our Lord.
The ultimate test of a transformational leader is the ability to raise up a new generation of leaders.
Significance is not determined by the amount of time on stage but by what you do with the time you get.
Being others-focused instead of self-focused changes your worldview. Living in a selfless manner and seeking to help others enriches our very existence on a daily basis. Get your hands dirty once in a while by serving in a capacity that is lower than your position or station in life. This keeps you tethered to the real world and grounded to reality, which should make it harder to be prideful and forget where you came from.
If you can’t handle others’ disapproval, then leadership isn’t for you.
We all have something to offer, and we must choose to focus on what we do have to offer, not what we don’t. And remember the dirty little secret is that those who are acting like they have it all together really don’t.
Build Icebergs, Not Skyscrapers
Adversity Isn’t to Be Avoided
Be Chris LeDoux, Not Garth Brooks
Selfish Apologies Aren’t Apologies at All
Show Us, Don’t Tell Us
Be a Strong Leader, Even If You Follow a Weak Leader
You Either Trust Someone or You Don’t
Abdication Isn’t Empowerment
Finish Well
If Everything’s a Rush, Nothing Is
Seek the Blame
Macromanage, Not Micromanage
Overoptimism Is More Dangerous Than Overpessimism
Don’t Give Someone Responsibility without Requisite Authority
When people undermine your values, they've strong reasons. For example, they mistaken your passion for excellence as perfectionism...
When people violate your values, they have excuses for doing so. For instance, they may misconceive your quest for responsiveness as being annoying...
Our values define who we're. Never met great persons who kept compromising their values. Let's go beyond lip service to defend our values...
One of the reasons that may force you walk away from great opportunities is when your values are keep violated...
Embrace the right values that may enable you achieve self-leadership & self-discipline, and show commitment to these values unconditionally.
One of the greatest responsibilities of an organization’s leadership is to communicate with unwavering clarity the values on which the organization has been built.
If evangelism is really going to be a value that your church embraces, the church will have to embrace the changes that will take place when evangelism is activated in the church.
It is the leader’s job to model and enforce the values and behaviors that make up the company culture. “Model” the behaviors is key. “Do as I say” only breeds contempt from others.
We need to adopt a set of common values and be ready to live out those values
Dont let them go, but just remember,some come, some go, keep trying, hold on and always, always believe in yourself, so keep your head high, keep your chin up and smile in every situation :
There are some among the so-called elite who are overbearing and arrogant. I want to foster leaders, not elitists.
Authentic leaders inspire us to engage with each other in powerful dreams that make the impossible possible. We are called on to persevere despite failure and pursue a purpose beyond the paycheck. This is at the core of innovation. It requires aligning the dreams of each individual to the broader dream of the organization.
Getting your ego out of the way has an even deeper organizational impact.
It is not blindly pushing your own agenda that will really create rich opportunities in your life, career, business – and in the world. It’s is your ability to understand, appreciate, anticipate, address, add value to that of others that will.
The aim and the result of faithful, fruitful, and fulfilling service is to make God famous.
To serve the many, you first serve the few.
Are you serving others or your are being served by others?
Are you serving in your local church or your are being served?
Leadership is service, not position.
You reveal your character by what you do with what you have.
When leaders reframe customers into guests, and results into experiences, profits escalate.
EYou reveal your character by what you do with what you have.
Those who serve deserve.
Leadership is a Requirement for Survival and a Prerequisite for Success.
This island has no secrets, not from me. It loves me, and I love it, and when I paint my face I'm a part of the island. The swarthiness of my face hidden behind the clay and charcoal. I leave behind England, it's not important anymore, our island is all that matters. The rhythm of the hunt, the sun, beats deep in my blood. The littl'uns play, eat, and sleep, there good for nothing and just take up precious space on my island.I couldn't have known a ship would pass at the exact moment my hunters left the fire. We needed the meat. Everything was perfect, the pigs on the mountain, the hunters and our spears, we had to go then. The hunt was perfect, the gouts and gouts of blood, the pigs death screams. But that stupid boat went by, and destroyed my trophy.Then Simon, stupid little Simon, gives the fat belligerent Fatty a piece of meat. He doesn't deserve it, the fat, ass-mar infected, fatty. The know-it-all that says he could do better, he wouldn't he'd do the exact same thing in my shoes. Damn him, damn them all! They should have just taken the meat. Then Ralph stands there and tells me I'm too malevolent. I even apologized. He doesn't deserve to be chief, he's weak. He wouldn't do it, he wouldn't kill. There's power behind the spear, impalpable to people like Ralph. We dominate those pigs. Now that we have found the way to kill the pigs, we don't even need to be rescued. It doesn't matter that there was no fire to signal the ship, because we needed the men for the hunt, and I don't regret it anymore because now we have meat.
All relationship systems become anxious. People put together and inevitably anxiety will arise. Anxiety can be infectious. We can give it to others or catch it from them. What precisely triggers anxiety is unique to each system. Common Activators are significant changes and losses. They upset the stable patterns and balance of the system.
Panic is something that good operations officers plan for.
I pride myself in being a technology innovator, so our specialty at Veeam is our laser-focused commitment to R&D, but you cannot build solid solutions without knowing what the goals are for your customers.
Data may disappoint, but it never lies.
The new information technology, indifferent to human suffering, does not accommodate humane needs unless we harness it and make it do so.
No matter how fast weapons and technology evolve in the 21st century, one thing remains constant is that war is a human endeavor, a grueling contest between two learning and adaptive forces. Victory, therefore rests on how smart, how tough, and how dedicated our boots on the ground.
It is no longer just engineers who dominate our technology leadership, because it is no longer the case that computers are so mysterious that only engineers can understand what they are capable of. There is an industry-wide shift toward more "product thinking" in leadership--leaders who understand the social and cultural contexts in which our technologies are deployed.Products must appeal to human beings, and a rigorously cultivated humanistic sensibility is a valued asset for this challenge. That is perhaps why a technology leader of the highest status--Steve Jobs--recently credited an appreciation for the liberal arts as key to his company's tremendous success with their various i-gadgets.
Leaders can set targets as high as they like, but when followers are not aware of the vision in place; it may just be another futile endeavor.
The beautiful thing having a vision for life is it adds energy, enthusiasm, winning spirit, patience, dedication and productive inner qualities in you.
We must be drawn by the idea of where we want to go more than we dislike the idea of all the work it is going to take to get there.
He seemed touched by a larger spirit, his course guided by something beyond him, so talented, so able, so good-natured that he did not even inspire envy in a city rich with envy.
If people see the Capitol going on, it is a sign we intend the Union shall go on
Vision is capturing God's assignment
Workers who can consistently decide with clarity and ease which tasks are most important when under pressure are the most prized in every organization. Highly focused in pressure-cooker situations, they rise to meet the challenges of an opportunity-saturated workplace that demands tough calls at every step.
As a leader, it’s critical to take the time to reflect in order to create a powerful vision for the company.
One of the things I’ve learned about vision is people will grab it mentally or, have a crab mentality.
Your comfort zone is not that comfortable.
Writing and achieving your goals is not failure, not having a goal to write in the first place is the start of failure.
When business leaders talk about the next quarter, they ought to sometimes be talking about the next quarter century.
Change or you will be changed: leaders who neglect the good of their people will be forsaken. Leadership is a service, not a gateway to privilege.
I believe that positive energy and optimism help us to take up any challenge in life and to succeed in even the most difficult tasks. I also believe that positive energy is contagious: we can transmit it to others.
Serving my generation with excellence will mean in turn, my generation can lead with excellence.
Without a vision to guide our path, and without ambition that knows no limits, we can never build a bright future for generations to come.
Great Leadership sometimes requires taking a step backward in order to take a leap forward.
A visionary is a leader of excellence who sees what others do not see, who achieves for now and plans for the future, who positively impacts different generations and raises up other visionaries.
People will follow someone as a leader, who has vision and purpose; often that leader doesn’t wear a title.
Gamers can feel when developers are passionate about their games. They can smell it like a dog smells fear. Don't be afraid to hold onto your unique vision: just be aware that it may not turn out exactly how you envisioned.
There is no seamen in the world who prefers a slow ship to a fast one. The painters painted better, the cooks took a little more time with the meals, and the technicians tightened the bolts just a little more. Their ship was no longer a cripple, and pride broke out in the crew like a rainbow after a summer shower.
Long-term solutions are more attractive and cause much less controversy than short-term solutions, which will affect people who are still alive and voting.
He (Newt Gingrich as a freshman congressman) was both passionate about his goals and coldly analytical in his means.
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have a vision. It’s got to be a vision you articulate clearly and forcefully on every occasion. You can’t blow an uncertain trumpet.
Grounded leaders are present for others, operate with fortitude, and influence with the full impact of their vision and strength.
Vision without implementation is counterproductive.
If you treat people to a vision of themselves, if you apparently overrate them, you make them become what they are capable of becoming.
Wise leaders understand that the single greatest determinant of whether followers will ever own a vision deeply is the extent to which whose followers believe the leader will own it.
Boss may be on, but leader can be anyone.
Do you know great people are continually quoted while the average always misquote great people?
Be the sun in someone’s dark sky.
Inspiration shouldn't respond to time, rather the other way around. Time must be altered to inspiration, "Timing is wrong" NO! Timing is never wrong. Sacrifice and the likes gets thrown in at this point.
These things sensibly affected Theseus, who, thinking it but just not to disregard, but rather partake of, the sufferings of his fellow citizens, offered himself for one without any lot. All else were struck with admiration for the nobleness and with love for the goodness of the act.
I am not sure that the best way to make a boy love the English poets might not be forbid him to read them and then make sure that he had plenty of opportunities to disobey you.
It’s not that I had more important things to do or that I didn’t want to help with whatever problems were interfering with her students being successful—rather, it’s this horrible truth that life has taught me: misplaced hope is the most devastatingly painful thing you can give someone.
Educators are in the news, too. Usually that’s bad. I had a favorite college professor. He used to tell us, 'If you make CNN as a teacher, you’re probably going to jail.
Indira was surrounded by people who had given up hope, who blamed their own misery on the influence of Christianity and western cultures, and yet, literally in the midst of squalor, her family had created a place of real beauty. It really makes you stop and think. Uncle Google should be spitting out eight hundred million things American schools have done right. The fact things are so screwed up makes no sense. If you believe Uncle Google, then we’ve done the exact opposite from Indira’s family—in the land of hope and plenty we’ve created a place that’s ugly. We have so much. Can things really be so bad? Maybe we can’t fix our schools because as individuals we’ve never truly been broken. Or maybe Chinese lanterns make everyone wax philosophical.
It was only a couple of chickens. Real chickens. The kind that walk around clucking and pecking. Which is what they were doing. Only no one else seemed to care, or even notice. This is normal? Obviously I had a little hiccup reading my notecards. Understandable. I was talking to forty orphans who had to share a dirt floor with two chickens. No one in college had ever prepared me for this scenario.
One of underestimated tasks in nonfiction writing is to impose narrative shape on an unwieldy mass of material.
Probably every subject is interesting if an avenue into it can be found that has humanity and that an ordinary person can follow.
Helping teacher leaders come to understand their gifts is the first step in developing a specialty. Some leaders are great coaches and should focus on instructional leadership in a district or network where that is valued and supported. Great conceptual thinkers are good in startup mode but the daily grind of leading a school doesn't suit them. Other leaders thrive on the turnaround challenge. The dynamic blended future of education will allow more role specialization.
Leadership obeys the principle of Hooke's law to the very bone. It explains:When an elastic material is stretched, it returns to its original position. But when it's over stretched beyond its limit point, it loses its elasticity and becomes plastic, and later cuts or breaks.As a leader, in your leadership disposition, it behoves of you to acquaint yourself with this very leadership principle that edges forward. It's however, a human nature to adopt to an environment, so, leaders are humans, they tend to have this rapore with their followers which is somewhat a must needed. But the ability for such one to return and recollect to knowing his boundary makes a good leader. A phenomenon whereby he becomes drunk of platitudes, then it comes to a time where they (followers) dictate for him. And even sought and suggest plans without his consent or knowing, it has gotten to the point of plastic and break respectively.
Success shouldn't be revenge or a way to overwhelm the naysayers. If that is your reason, you are far from being content.
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
I can't change you and you can't change me, but together we can work to change the world.
The Leadership Seduction of storytelling invites self-pity, exaggerates one's importance, and encourages inaction.
When occasions present themselves in which the interests of the people are at variance with their inclinations, it is the duty of the persons whom they have appointed to be the guardians of those interests to withstand the temporary delusion in order to give them time and opportunity for more cool and sedate reflection. Instances might be cited in which a conduct of this kind has saved the people from very fatal consequences of their own mistakes, and has procured lasting monuments of their gratitude to the men who had courage and magnanimity enough to serve them at the peril of their displeasure.
Americans talked about voters the same way Russians talked about Stalin. They had to be obeyed.
Youths are the life blood of any nation.
There are many countries but few nations. We are committed to building Nigeria into a most desirable nation to live
Urging an organization to be inclusive is not an attack. It's progress.
Every leader has a right to lead followers in the right direction and the responsibility to empower them to achieve much more.
Yea, he who is a true king of men, will not say to himself, 'Lo! I am worthy to be crowned with laurels;' but rather will he say to himself, 'What more is there that I may do to make the world the better because of my endeavors?
It is your life...OWN IT! Your life purpose empowers you and enables you to live life abundantly. Empowerment begins by taking responsibility for your life and being accountable for your actions. Empowerment is the courage to live passionately and purposefully each day
Jefferson was ambivalent about executive power – until he bore executive responsibility.
If you believe the world will be a better place because you have both the desire and the means to take charge, that's the time for you to jump in. It doesn't matter if you rise up to take the lead only once or twice in your entire working life or if you do it daily. There are so many moments when you can make a difference--by enriching an outcome, saving a great idea, defending the beleaguered or downtrodden, and not least, expressing your own gifts and wisdom.
It's been hard for me at times...the responsibility and expectation that comes with being a leader. I'm not always the one I wish I could be, that I should be, but nonetheless, it is my place. If I were to ever show a commitment to something other than my leadership, which could jeopardize the function I have, I would be risking too many lives. I couldn't live with that.
Life is the ultimate gift of experience and if you are not impressed by the blessing the Lord has given you every awaking day to make a difference, I say your stuck in the mud and you need to call AAA which is code for "Say A Prayer" and get pulled out. Love life and create positive SYNERGY with others while you can before this chapter closes.
The Complexities Of Life Caused By Bad Government Administration, Leadership, Parental Abuse And Mistakes Can Make A Child More Matured Than Their Age. It Happened To Me And It Is Still Happening To So Many Children World Wide. Most Especially, In Africa Where I Come From. This Is Why You See So Many African's Do All Sorts Of Bad Deeds For Surfacing And Surviving To Keep Body And Soul Together.
How ought we to love God, Father?" he asked in a whisper."By loving men, my son""And how ought we to love men?" "By trying to guide them along the right path""And what is the right path?""The one that rises"- Nikos Kazanzakis, Christ Recrucified
Each year's regrets are envelopes in which messages of hope are found for the New Year.
Fearing our confrontations is one thing... facing them unarmed is a completely different matter.
This was the mark of an uncommon soldier, someone whose courage away from the battlefield was the same as that on it.
Serving others prepares you to lead others.
I'm not perfect and the older I get the more I realise that.
someday goals become never days of achievement
Every single achievement you make, every single life you change and every single skill you acquire brings you one step closer to becoming a better leader. Every day you can improve the leader in you to become a better person and a greater leader.
When you lower the definition of success to such a level that any person can reach it, you don’t teach people to have big dreams; instead you inspirit mediocrity and nurture people’s inadequacies.
Progress and motion are not synonymous.
I wake up starving for success, and no matter how much I accomplish I go to sleep striving for improvement; I refuse to let my enemies outwork me.
If you have the bad MOJO of a situation or a person riding you down you must first remove that saddle.
Leadership is communicating to people their worth and potential so clearly that they are inspired to see it in themselves.
Read to lead in order to succeed.
The role of leaders is not to get other people to follow them but to empower others to lead.
Never underestimate the power of a tweet.
Integrity, by its definition, means adhering consistently to a strong, reliable code of ethics, whatever that code is.
A true leader does not derive power from his position, but from his ethics, from people’s love for him, and from his knowledge, education and excellence in his field of work.
Be true to yourself-at the core of your leadership are your values and morals.
Leadership responsibility is multidimensional and cannot be described in one or two words. It is personal, interpersonal, environmental and societal.
The difficulty was not that of following a moral principle at personal cost; the difficulty was that of knowing what to do when there is more than one principal, and when the principles clash.
While mistakes may be local, in today’s connected world embarrassment is global
He did wrong. He has acknowledged it before the people. He repents it. How many kings have the humility to do that?
It's remarkable how very many things there are that a king may not do.
Battling busyness is a community response.
We must help men and women see the epic in the ordinary details of life.
Every place is now God's temple, and His people can as truly serve Him in their daily employments as in His house. They are to be always "ministering," offering the spiritual sacrifice of prayer and praise, and presenting themselves a "living sacrifice.
Better abolish pulpits then to appoint men who have no experiential knowledge of what they teach.
The minister is the parish clock. Many people take their time from him.
Your children are going through life with their eyes closed, so YOU'RE the one who has to steer.
He (the Bible study leader) is blessed with a light touch and a firm hand.
Even in a hostile press conference with hostile questions there was drama, and he could benefit from the drama and the hostility. He mastered the greatest art of television, appearing to be spontaneous without in fact being spontaneous.
George III was incapable of passing on a sense of mission to his son might a given some purpose to the crown prince's existence
When an actor reaches down into his emotional well and pulls up a deeply personal response, the audience can sense something special is going on. They may not know exactly what they're seeing, but they recognize it as authentic.
Never base motivation or fear, entirely.
Unlike most politicians who follow their audience, (Robert) Kennedy tried to lead his.
If a church is good at making disciples it will be good at making leaders because in the end, a good spiritual formation plan will lead to an accelerated spiritual multiplication.
A question is far more subversive, biblically, than a statement.
Reagan understood an important distinction that (Lyndon) Johnson never grasped: being in control and being successful aren't always the same thing.
I'm perfectly willing to be perfectly human.
A good officer learned to take care of the feet of his men first, and from there their stomachs and hearts. By that means, he could motivate their souls.
Lyndon Johnson knew how to make the most of such enthusiasm and how to play on it and intensify it. He wanted his audience to become involved. He wanted their hands up in the air. And having been a schoolteacher he knew how to get their hands up. He began, in his speeches, to ask questions.
The web of trust is built at eye level, peer to peer.
If all you are doing is spending time with the struggling members of your church and you are not building proactively into your church's culture, and you are being shortsighted and limiting the effectiveness of your ministry.
We can’t really explain what the goal of mentoring is, until we understand what the church is for.
Every good man resists others in those points in which he resists himself.
Paraphrasing Plato's Republic: "Only people who have allowed themselves to be reformed by reality have it in themselves to reform their polis for the better.
The Roman Church has grown and grown, fueled by immigration but also renewed by two pontiffs who have seemed to understand what Tocqueville knew: People want guidance for their souls once they are convinced they have them.
Managing games comes second. Managing people comes first.
The desire we so often hear expressed today for “episcopal figures,” “priestly men,” “authoritative personalities” springs frequently enough from a spiritually sick need for the admiration of men, for the establishment of visible human authority, because the genuine authority of service appears to be so unimpressive.
we all want to be called servants until someone treats us like one.
Peter's denial was not just a personal weakness. He was in a leadership position, honored as the one who spoke for the group, and was second in command (when Jesus wasn't around). But his choice to publicly deny his place in the community at the side of Jesus had massive repercussions for the other disciples. They ran and hid, and from this point on in the Way of the Cross there is no mention of the disciples again in the Passion narrative. The sheep are scattered, routed, and demoralized. Peter's sin tore open the seems that held them together.
The man who goes to the top is the man who has something to say and says it when circumstances warrant. Men who keep silent underdressed are moral cowards.
Those who are not true leaders will just affirm people at their own immature level.
Christ manifests his divine leadership in your sincere followership. Christ's followers become true leaders because Christ is the model of true leadership.
A leader may lead, but you have to follow to reach the destination.
A leader inspires others to dream more. The actions of a really good leader will show how to achieve that dream.
Innovative wisdom with purpose defines a leader.
A good leader is one who reveals to you your own potential and then inspires and shows you how to reach your potential.
To be a leader be an example and lead the way.
When you empower others to be great, you become a great leader.
Be a leader who is driven by purpose but not by position or power.
By learning more, by doing more, by becoming more, and by creating a common vision, a leader is a person who can inspire others to change for the better.
Leadership is an ability to have a great vision for the future and the ability to inspire others to follow.
Leadership is a process where a leader has a purpose oriented destination and lets the followers find the best way to get there with a common vision and goal.
When you know the destination, the path is easy.
Because our attachment to control is either unexamined or addictive, we do not understand that by relinquishing control and providing choice, we increase our influence and impact many times over.
We are born with the need for a leader, someone to control the conflict between each individual's need. An alpha in the house, an alpha at work, an alpha in the church and in the White House.
A leader did not slump. A leader was in control. Even when he least felt like he controlled anything. Especially then.
An individual school can handle a resident idiot from time to time, but an entire school system is only as good as its weakest leader.
You show me a school with a principal behind the desk, and I'll show you a school without principal leadership. (Quoting Baruti Kafele)
The Joseph in you must rise to the challenges of life and turn them into gold
True leaders demonstrate initiatives-They lead the way for others to follow
leaders don't watch things but make things happen-initiate change
Attempting the impossibility with a possibility God breaks the impossibility barriers.
John Wesley’s own grave holds the bones of many other people, including at least five ministers. One can only imagine the bickering.
Every age fraught with discord and danger seems to spawn a leader meant only for that age, a political giant whose absence, in retrospect, seems inconceivable when the history of that age is written.
When we simplify, we are attending to our minds. Clearminds lead to creativity, vision, health, and productivity.
Everyday that I procrastinate, everyday that I sit stagnant in fear, everyday that I fail to better myself, someone else out there with the same goals and dreams as me is doing the exact opposite.
Today my goal is to be more productive than I was yesterday, and tomorrow more productive than today.
Never allow doubt to roam unimpeded within you. When it arises acknowledge it immediately, and then exterminate it with extreme prejudice.
Adapt and adopt the peer-to-peer and open source models to wider implementation in organisations
Their job as leader was not to solve the problem – the president really has little control over the economy – but to convince the public not only that he has a plan but that he is altogether confident in the plan's success and that only a cynic or someone in different to the public's well-being would dare to question him on the details.
One of the most significant barriers to progress is the lack of effective leadership.
Today I will work when others procrastinate, I will confront my fears when others hide from theirs, and I will create solutions when others find excuses; today I refuse to allow my enemies to out work me.
Destiny is a right destination for every nation with a mission of destiny.
In all, Nigeria belongs to us all and we have a personal responsibility to see that it succeeds
Managers and leaders cause most of the organizational confusion and frustration by not doing their jobs — their real jobs.
Organisations are innovating quicker than ever. Your members need to excel from being a team player to a team builder.
True Mentors, don't make their mentees a clone of themselves
Great business leaders of our time stand above the crowd not because of what they do, but what they don’t do.
We live in a country where our young ladies who have recently attained the age of puberty cannot afford sanitary pads, but our men and women in public offices have ipads which they do not even know how to use.
Great leaders create great cultures regardless of the dominant culture in the organization.
Leaders set the context and create the conditions in which individuals and organizations thrive.
When we limit ourselves by being the person we “should” be, we limit our aliveness. We may achieve success but not fulfillment because we are not living out all the important truths about ourselves, truths we need to slow down to excavate.
Before we ask where the leaders are, we should look in a mirror and ask the person we see “Why are you not leading”?
Rest and comfort are two different things. Rest is a planned temporary time to refresh and refocus the leader. Comfort is when you settle into unproductive routines and accept satisfactory or unsatisfactory results.
Self-reliance is an America virtue but not a biblical value. Solomon wrote, "The way of fools seems right to them, but the wise listen to advice." (Proverbs 12:15) The word 'listen' carries with it the meaning of seeking out as well as receiving advice. A lot of pain can be prevented if leaders would just check in with their coach before a making a big decision.
Missional leaders are comfortable in the own skin.
Nobody is rewarded for occupying a position, but for becoming effective in the position occupied. If you occupy a position, you must have the weight of influence in order to matter!
Somebody had said how only 15 paisa of the one rupee sent from the Centre reached the intended beneficiaries. The job of a leader isn't just to diagnose the disease but to treat it
Never follow a follower who is following someone who has fallen. It's why the whole world is falling apart.
If you don’t know what your barriers are, it’s impossible to figure out how to tear them down.
Successful leaders know how to line up support for their initiatives and create the right environment for change and innovation.
Don’t let your principles sit idle on a plaque. Bring them to life.
Demonstrating integrity is indispensable for leaders.
Thought leadership is when a leader's thoughts are being used by leaders to lead others.
It is interesting to note that an overwhelming majority of citizens in the world's three largest democracies have different religions: India (81 percent Hindu), the United States (76 percent Christian), and Indonesia (87 percent Muslim). Two of them have elected women as leaders of their government.
Intellectuals are rarely successful as leaders. They are so trapped in their ideals that they cannot venture out in the real world to win and lead.
Leaders are usually a reflection of the people they lead. How can a leader be moral if his people are immoral?
It is never easy for any leader to choose between differentiation and equality. You are condemned either way. When you treat everyone equally, you are considered just by majority as equality benefits below average people and they seem to always be in majority. At the same time, you are also condemned because you can’t produce results with people having a crab mentality. However, if you choose to reward the excellence and punish the non-performer, you achieve the desired results but get condemned for being unfair, unjust, cruel and Darwinian.
Effective leaders allow God to shape them into the kind of people they need to be for each situation they encounter.
All great leaders are known to have faith. They first develop faith in themselves, which means they connect their body, mind and intellect with their soul. They also connect their soul with the Universal Soul where all souls of the world are connected with each other. Leadership is thus a spiritual quality that comes from faith and trust.
If you wish to succeed as a leader, you should be capable of transforming the souls of people, which control their intellect, mind and body. A good leader transforms the souls of the people, which then become like his own soul...Once the nature of the followers is changed, they ‘willingly’ follow the path of their leader A leader transforms ordinary men into exceptionally powerful people just like a strong magnet transforms an ordinary piece of iron into a powerful magnet.
The most interesting aspect of leadership is that it cannot be predicted. All great leaders had been quite ordinary in their early years. It was only when they became leaders that people started recognising them as leaders.It is difficult to identify specific qualities that make a leader. However, when leaders emerge, people are inclined to point out their leadership qualities. Yet, when other people imbibe the same qualities and try to imitate the actions of their leaders, they may fail.
Academically brilliant persons usually make excellent managers and bureaucrats as they can efficiently implement the vision of the government or world leaders by following the prescribed methods. However, they may prove to be poor leaders, for they may not have taken the pain to understand the world on their own, and hence, cannot contribute any new thought or line of action to tackle new problems.
A leader is one who chooses the interest of his followers over his personal ignominy. He can beg, steal and even snatch for the followers. He suffers individual loss for the sake of the gain of his followers. That makes him a leader whom people follow because they themselves do not have the courage to do so. People do not mind if someone else does all the dirty jobs for them while they can enjoy the fruits without getting their own hands dirty.
We praise our leaders when they act against our adversaries. But when our own interest is threatened, we begin to dislike the same leaders, irrespective of the sincerity of their intentions. An effective leader is bound to create enemies.
Hatred is the emotional price leaders must pay for getting love and honour.
Effective leaders have the ability to serve and appreciate others while at the same time enabling them to achieve greatness.
Impersonators, with time give up hope, but great leaders imitate with discretion.
Like creating a masterpiece, quitting is an art: you have to decide what to keep within the frame and what to keep out.
Leaders should always be the initiators of reconciliation.
A confident leader is like a duck. Above the water, he is calm and poised while below the water, he is driven by a flurry of focused activity.
Added pressure and responsibility should not change one's leadership style, it should merely expose that which already exists.
Leadership defined: An equal and dual commitment to both results and relationships without compromising one for the other.
Effective leaders make it easy for people around them to tell the truth, to be candid and open.
The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born-that there is a genetic factor to leadership. That’s nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true. Leadersare made rather than born.
There are certain people in your life and work where the relationship is more important than who is right or wrong.
The mediocre leader tells. The good leader explains. The superior leader demonstrates. The great leader inspires.
The captain of a ship can run a great ship, but he can't do anything about the tides.
I'm not the boss of my house. I don't know how I lost it, I don't know when I lost it, I don't really think I ever had it. But I've seen the boss's job...and I don't want it!
Many people read History books but it takes just a few people to LEAD the cause that will shape the course of HISTORY.
You can lead with or without a title. If you wait until you get a title, you may wait forever.
Decision-making is a skill. Wisdom is a leadership trait.
Senior pastors cannot be those who think they can do everything but are willing to let a few people help them. Rather, they are those who know they can’t do everything, don’t want to do everything, and are not willing to do everything; they welcome others to come along-side with their gifts in order to form a powerful team for Christ.
There are no perfect leaders.
I have learnt from the politics of my great country, Nigeria that there is nothing wrong with the heads of states, but there is something wrong with the state of the heads.
Many have came before you and many will come after you, but none will ever be you. Some may even try to duplicate your characteristics, but they'll never succeed because you are unique.
I could impart excitement, but not urgency. – Francis Chen
Pique or policy. We would never know.
Galvanized people can do careless things. It is in the extreme and emotion-laden moments that distance and coolness are most required. I am tempted to howl in rage. It is not my place to do so. My job is to try to dissect the event, place it in context and try to understand what has happened and why. From that, after the rage cools, plans for action can be made. Rage has its place, but actions must be taken with discipline and thought.
While you and I are allowed the luxury of our pain, president isn't. A president must take into account how his citizens feel and he must manage them and lead them, but he must not succumb to personal feelings. His job is to maintain a ruthless sense of proportion while keeping the coldness of his calculation to himself.
Presidents and other politicians manage the appearance of things, largely by manipulating the air and hope.
Tunney has all the makings of a hero – he was clean living, intelligent, polite, reasonably good-looking – but, like Lou Gehrig, he lacked the chemistry that stirred affection.
Every great movement needs an agitator. Every leader of spiritual ideals need a John the Baptist.
It is one thing to rouse the passion of a people, and quite another to lead them.
Serving my generation with excellence will in turn mean my generation can lead, with excellence.
Entrepreneur, don't just read history, write it so people can see the future in the present.
Entrepreneur, either your brand is distinct or your brand is distant.
A struggle is fatally injured not so much by the stumbles of its leaders as by their mumbles
Your distinction shouldn't be measured by your duration but rather, your donation.
Entrepreneur, make today count and but don't let the day count you.
Yes, content is king but excellence is his queen. ~ Onyi Anyado.
You have to grab the goal, visualise your vision, excel in excellence and then become distinct in distinction.
The call of distinction cannot be heard by the average, neither can the vision of distinction be seen by the eyes of the mediocre.
When you walk in distinction, you don’t compete with anyone but competition wants to compete with you.
Do you know invisible determination and effort will always accomplish visible distinction and excellence?
Entrepreneur, you are your brand. Your website, business card, speech and how you walk and talk is your brand.
Problem is a outcome. "Of What?", Is the right question
When you see recurring problems, the methods you’ve used successfully in the past have to be reevaluated.
Give serious thought to why your company should care about your strategy. Specifically, find problems that the board wants to be solved. What are senior managers scared of? Part of becoming a credible strategic thinker is learning effective approaches to selling ideas for your situation. You’ll know that you’re getting better at selling (or pitching) strategy when managers start coming to you when there is strategic thinking to be done.
Leadership is not about your ambition. It is about bringing out the ambitions of your team.
At the end of the day let their be no regrets, only a desire to do more tomorrow than you did today.
At the end of the day let there be no regrets, only a desire to do more tomorrow than you did today.
You want to know the great thing about today, it doesn't care about what you did or didn't do yesterday or what you're going to do tomorrow, it only cares about what you do right now.
The worst president is closer by nature to the best then either is to anyone who has not gone through what it requires to become president.
It's not whether your thoughts are in tune with the other's sensibilities or not - But are you at peace with yourself is what matters the most!
Every cult of personality that emphasizes the distinguished qualities, virtues, and talents of another person, even though these be of an altogether spiritual nature, is worldly and has no place in the Christian community; indeed, it poisons the Christianity community.
A century is about events. A decade is about people.
Groves, with his eye for sizing up people who could get things done, saw the deep ambition Oppenheimer covered with his surface charm.
He who is afraid to lose, is not ready to win
The day you wake up thinking the world is yours is the day you start living.
Entrepreneur, your distinction can be found on Twitter, so, is your thought leadership impressing or depressing?
Branding is not just a product, it's also a way of life, an idea, branding is actually leadership.
Africa is crying out for entrepreneurial leaders & for leaders who are entrepreneurial.
Not having a recognised brand & trying to stand out in the market is like going to the market without any goods.
When you walk in silence your excellence will always speak for you.
Entrepreneur, your either raising the bar of excellence or your exhaling at the bar which is expensive.
You will never see an eagle of distinction flying low with pigeons of mediocrity.
Start local, think global & constantly raise the bar of excellence.
There's no such thing as a superhero, but together we can world in a new direction.
Attention deficit is no longer the supposed domain of Generation Y’s who were brought up on a diet of social media and new technology. A recent study revealed 65 percent of 55-64 year olds surf, text and watch television simultaneously.
In 2007, Stanford Business School Advisory committee asserted that self awareness was the most important attribute a leader should develop. The challenge for the modern entrepreneur is to take that path.
My major goal in business was to learn. I had legislated in my mind for failure the worse possible scenario was I would learn a lot regardless of the outcome. This goal was the foundation for success of the business. Peldi, Balsamiq
Willingness to learn is important, willingness to act on what you learn is critical.
The challenge for the entrepreneur is to find your passion and make fear history.
Sometimes you live life, and sometimes life happens to you. But you always get to choose what you do about it.” Devon Brooks
Without growth, organizations struggle to add talented people. Without talented people, organizations struggle to grow.
The future you build for yourself is only as limited as your imagination and a undisciplined goal orientated mind.
We all cannot do everything or solve every issue. "It's impossible", however, if we each simply do our part. Make our own contribution, regardless of how small we may think it is.... together it adds up and great things get accomplished.
Shiloh showed him what he could ask of his men, and indeed what he MUST ask of them.
We are lost, but we're making good time.
The newly-minted captain is told to let nothing stop him but to do nothing that would risk his ship or his crew.
One presidential advisor to another: "If the world made sense, we'd all have to find honest work.
Every great leader has incredible odds to overcome.
A leader who is confused about the route sows doubt.
When a leader is at their limit the last thing they want to hear is that they need to change even more. Maintaining good rhythms of rest, exercise and fun create more energy for a leader to be willing and open for change.
Anything that needlessly robs you of your time, energy, and other precious resources is destructive to you and your leadership.
All decisions are taken two levels above the highest level of understanding
We must be present enough and receptive enough to “hear” with our whole being beyond just the words that are being spoken.
He turned the presidency – and the President's House – into something it had not been before: a center of curiosity and inquiry, of vibrant institution that played informal but important roles in the broader life of the nation, from science to literature.
No two snowflakes are alike and neither are the Soldier's in your charge. Don't make the mistake of treating your Soldier's like tangible things instead of the valued human assets they are.
Learning to accept help from others is not a sign of weakness it's a badge of courage reflecting mutual trust between the giver and the receiver.
He hadn’t asked to become a leader, but did that absolve him of responsibility? People needed him. The world needed him. And, with an understanding that cooled in him like molten rock forming into a shape, he realized that he wanted to lead. If someone had to be lord of these people, he wanted to do it himself. Because doing it yourself was the only way to see that it was done right.
Description before prescription is the trait of a leader!!!
Every leader will hit a series of plateaus in their lives. The key is not to say there, because settling on a plateau can easily lead to an elongated season of comfort. Being comfortable is one of the leader's worst enemies
If you can lead yourself when nobody is following, people will follow when you are not leading
The relational leader operates not by being known by everyone, but by authentically creating positive relationships with people around her.
Lead by Example,not by showing samples
A leader cannot avoid being hated. This hatred is directly proportional to his influence and power. A person who does not wish to be hated should avoid leadership roles.
A leader is criticised for whatever he does as all his actions benefit some and adversely affect others. When other people commit the same mistake, they can be forgiven or ignored, but never a leader, for his actions affect a large number of people.
Hatred is very powerful. It can overpower love. When a man burns in the fire of hatred, he cannot feel any love, and is willing to destroy his enemy even if it kills him. It is amazing to note that a leader who may be driven to act against another in hatred, may be showered with love in the process. People who share his hatred may love him for rising up to the challenge.
People don’t need you to fix them, they are not broken, just serve them.
There is a leader in every manager, there is not a manager in every leader.
The very meaning of a leader is that people must follow him. If no one follows, you cannot be a leader even if you are the most intelligent, powerful and wealthy person in the world. Interestingly, you cannot become powerful or wealthy unless you are a leader. Further, anyone who acquires wealth or power automatically becomes a leader as people tend to follow such people.
The knowledge of the worker is often called ‘skill’, for it requires manual dexterity and training. The knowledge of the manager is ‘academic’ as it can be taught in colleges and universities. However, the knowledge of the leader is ‘creative’ which can generally not be taught, and must come from within.
I would rather be on the team of the Leader who prays to God for wisdom to guide the followers, than to be on the team of the leader who leads without prayer.
A great leader is almost always a great follower for he knows what to learn and from whom.
A leader is one who travels the path carved out by him, and he ‘leads’ himself onward on that path. If his path is good and his goals are desirable, many more may follow him in their desire to achieve the same goal. Hence, followership is the effect of leadership and not its cause.
You do not become a leader because people follow you. Rather, people tend to follow you because you have leadership qualities. The journey of leadership often starts alone.
A leader is generally not more virtuous than most ordinary people. The opposite is usually true. Because people are reluctant to be led by those perceived as evil, a leader expertly creates a façade, behind which he hides all that may appear dirty. This is a difficult art where the leader has to wear two masks, one in public and the other in private—and no one should see the true face of a leader.
The actions of a leader are always criticised by scholars as well as common men. A scholar has no obligation to produce result, so he is free to rebuke leaders for not sticking to noble means. Common men envy leaders their position and power, thus feeling happy in vilifying them to pull them down to their own levels.
A true leader is responsible for his followers who have reposed their faith in his leadership. If an ordinary man fails, it is a personal failure. But when a leader fails, he shatters the entire ideologies, principles and morale of all those who followed him. The impact is much bigger and stakes are higher.
A boss in essence is every woman willing to try, push, succeed, fail but ultimately do the work in her lifescape to make her mark on the world the way she wants to draw it.
Great leadership is not about giving orders, it's about taking others
The key function of a leader is, to build more leaders.
Learn from your experiences and past mistakes, assimilate them and convert them to formulas to achieve sustenance first , and then work your way to success to be the leaders in the market.
I believe leaders should be questioning machine, rather than an answering machine.
Your organization needs you to be the lead, not the lid. If you're not growing as a leader, you've become the lid
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit.
A leader is heard, a great leader is listened too.
The problem with being a leader is that you're never sure if you're being followed or chased.
As Antiquus's son, I was next in line to be the leader of my village... But leadership is not inherited. It is earned through action.
The real heart of strategy is the strategist.
Your leadership responsibilities are the real golden stripes
A number of small decisions, each appearing insignificant in the moment and made in isolation of one another, can result in a negative outcome.
We are very quiet there, but it is the quiet of a storm centre. .
Digital age of business and world shall move up from apathy, to sympathy, to empathy.
Author says that, while Eisenhower had other intellectual mentors, he learned how to lead men from Gen. Walter Krueger. Krueger was the first American enlisted man to rise to four-star general, and he so identified with those he led that he once invited a sentry out of the rain and gave him his own dry uniform.
Outlier” CIOs have better capabilities to connect innovation dots.
Bigwig: "I can't think why he didn't convince Threarah."Hazel: "Because Threarah doesn't like anything he hasn't thought of for himself.
Those who disrupt their industries change consumer behavior, alter economics, and transform lives.
Truth be told, nobody thought Dell’s direct business model would work, at least back in the early 90s. As Bill Sharpe, head of the advertising agency that held the Dell Canada account from 1996 to 2006, told me, “I had a business partner in California who said, we have a client, Dell. It sells computers over the phone, and ships them to you. I said, ‘There’s no way, who’s gonna buy a computer over the phone? They’re complicated.
Truth be told, nobody thought Dell’s direct business model would work, at least back in the early 90s. As Bill Sharpe, head of the advertising agency that held the Dell Canada account from 1996 to 2006, told me, “I had a business partner in California who said, we have a client, Dell. It sells computers over the phone, and ships them to you. I said, ‘There’s no way. Who’s gonna buy a computer over the phone? They’re complicated.
The new world with more technology, more connectivity, more innovation, and more advantages is less forgiving than the one we left behind
It is common understanding that communication is at the heart of any organisation. So, why have organisational models not evolved accordingly? To truly leverage the potential of this information age, we need to rethink and redesign organisations
Managers maintain the present while leaders create the future.
Every organisation, not just business, needs 1 core competence: Tactical execution
The worst question ever asked, is the one which is never asked.
If you continue doing what you have done in the past, you will get what you have received in the past.
With a clever strategy, each action is self-reinforcing. Each action creates more options that are mutually beneficial. Each victory is not just for today but for tomorrow.
Strategy is not really a solo sport – even if you’re the CEO.
If you are a leader or someone who works for the interest of a community, first make sure that you understand the interest of the people who make up that community. In this way, you will have a good chance of minimizing, perhaps, avoiding the us versus them mentality.
Perfection of this human life happens when we take the responsibility to be and act as authentic Leaders in every life situation.
You live in this world once. Let your true and authentic YOU get unleashed. The world is desperately waiting your unique brand unchained.
All religions, in their pure form, will tell you God is Love. And power, fear, division, judgment, oppression, hatred and self-righteousness are the opposite of Love. So going to war, for example, in the name of religion, is a complete contradiction. No pure religious leader would ever support this.
Hatred is the price that society extracts from its leaders for the honour, power and wealth it bestows unto them.
I love Hitler for his leadership, but I abhor his actions.
If Captain Jean-Luc Picard asked you to serve him aboard the starship Enterprise, you'd likely be happy to. You would recognise him as a great leader and a good man, and so you wouldn't have any problem following his orders. This is basically the relationship God wants with us - not slaves, not pets, not possessions, we would be co-workers and friends.
If knowing yourself and being yourself were as easy to do as to talk about, there wouldn't be nearly so many people walking around in borrowed postures, spouting secondhand ideas, trying desperately to fit in rather than to stand out.
People need to learn how to take the role of leader out of God's hands.
transformation begins with the individual” Dr William Edwards DemingThe New Economics - 1993
To succeed in this day and age, all you need to be ahead of the pack is to be informed, and turn the information into transformation for your betterment and that of others.
I have come to learn, that when people of money and power organize to set upon to break a person they seek to silence, and the person seems but a shadow of what they were, under the endless barrage, in the end when laid to rest, the dignity, compassion and presence of the person somehow endures, and their words awaken to speak clearer than before.As if torches ignite, when their flame is gone,and the light of their truth,Is brilliantly lit and once more born.
Our differences need not divide us because even as we are unique and individual, we are also all one.
Ronald Reagan was just as angry. But he made you want to stand right alongside him and shake your fist at the same things he was shaking his fist at.
Jefferson was the rare leader who stood out from the crowd without intimidating it.
We need to pay as much attention to the MEANS, as to the END! This is the biggest principle of SUCCESS..The END is so enticing, that we lose sight of the details altogether..Success lies in the DETAILS!
You cannot lead an enemy to Heaven, but you can lead a friend even to Hell.
To be a good leader, win minds; to be a great leader, win heart’s; and to be an extraordinary leader, win souls.
The ordinary think inside of the box, the extraordinary think outside of the box, but genius thinks inside, outside, below and above the box.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow, hope lies in dreams in imagination
The easiest way to have a peek behind the curtain is to learn from those that are ahead of you.
Why start if you are going to do a half-assed job anyway?
Teams Triumph When Today's Tribe Leaders Transform Their Mindset.
Teamwork and trust trump ego and arrogance in building high performance sustainable successful teams. Rethink your team building ideas
We now live in a time when PEOPLE and profits must become equally valuable in the corporate leaders Mindset.Rethink your Leadership Culture to become a conscious, high performance organisation
Development is better than Girl-friend
there is no significance in life without struggle
I believe more youths stay out of leadership positions because of the fear of indequacy and criticisms.
He was very good, it turned out, at outlining the flaws in the government as long as someone else was in charge of the government.
The point of criticism is to build you as a leader and a dimension to reflect.
Even if you do nothing, say nothing and be nothing, there will still be many who will criticize you. It is much better to be criticized for success than be condemned for failures because success rids you of the many miseries of life.
The writers in the newspapers could sounds smart because they did not have the responsibilities of decision, and they could sound bold by enunciating positions which they were not required to implement.
A leader is always first in line during times of criticism and last in line during times of recognition.
All leadership in the Kingdom is by example.
Some people are like egg. The more you apply heat to them, the harder they become. To hatch them, just use a gentle heat, and to keep them alive, just keep them cool.
Attitude is your number one weapon against mediocrity.
There is something indefinable in an entrepreneur, and I saw that in Steve," he said. " He was interested not just in engineering, but also the business aspects. I taught him that if you act like you can do something, then it will work. I told him, " Pretend to be completely in control and people will assume that you are.
He was learning to curse his newly acquired status as resident genius.
If the 'Journey of 1000 miles begins with a single step' - that is prescribed to - ALIGN
The race for excellence has no finish line.
Stamp your performance with excellence.
Leadership is bringing people into new realms of excellence and challenging them to become distinguished in their chosen field.
We must be the ones to re-define the world class standards of excellence
As I tell my children, 'If you are going to do something, do your best while you're doing it.
Leaders are readers, disciples want to be taught and everyone has gifts within that need to be coached to excellence.
Knowledge alone is not enough, but with hard work it's worth progression.
No man is exempted from the subtle deception of doctrinal drift – the man of God expects this temptation.
Our enemy attacks the conscience little by little seeking to wear us down and then wears out a leader's resolve to fight the good fight.
Great leaders don't just know the sweet spots of their people. They tap into and unchain the infinite potential imprisoned within their people...
A leader's job is not to put greatness into people, but rather to recognize that it already exists, and to create an environment where that greatness can emerge and grow.
Your Potential is all that you can HAVE but have not yet possessed. No limits. No boundaries
Your Potential is an OBLIGATION.Its what you MUST be,do and have because you CAN. You Can, you Must, You will
Make sure your priorities line up with your values.
You hire the best people you can possibly find. Then it's up to you to create an environment where great people decide to stay and invest their time.
Most people overestimate others' talents and underestimate their own.
Chits knew no ideology.
We never have as great an opportunity to show self-comfort as when others around us aren’t. Hint: Don’t be a jerk because someone else is. Praise the behaviors in others that you most want to flourish.
You can buy a man's time, you can buy a man's physical presence at a certain place, you can even buy a measured number of skilled muscular motions per hour or day. But you cannot buy enthusiasm, you cannot buy initiative, you cannot buy loyalty; you cannot buy the devotion of hearts, minds, and souls. You have to earn these things.
To be given loyalty is to be infused like a gemstone, to be granted the frightful license to destroy not only one's self, but all within one's care.
If you aren't loyal to the few you won't be blessed with the many.
Observe the behavior of your environment carefully for clues as to what is acceptable and rewarded.
What is assertive in a man can appear abrasive in a woman, and female leaders risk appearing too feminine or not feminine enough.
If we can spend more time uprooting vices and rooting virtues, our world will be safer and better.
Growing your leadership capacity demands personal effectiveness. Being effective is the ability to do the right thing at all times, no matter the cost.
To guess is no good, but to anticipate is GREAT.
The most damaging cognitive bias is overconfidence (illusory superiority), making leaders use their “gut” when they should be more rational.
Your tone of voice is less about what you say and more about how you say it. It enhances or diminishes the language you use, how you construct your sentences, and the way your words sound. It represents the emotional expressions of your thoughts, feelings, and attitude.
It is generally believed that nearly 40 percent of your first impression will be set from the tone of your voice. Your vocal thermometer can be more impactful than the actual words you use.
Your tone of voice can be conveyed in both the words you speak and in the words you write.
Your tone can represent the character of your business, the strength of your resolve, and express the depths of your convictions.
Does your tone match your intention? Is your tone of voice confusing or clarifying? Are you coming across to others as you had hoped? Once you begin to notice your tone, you can adjust as needed to make it work in your favor.
Heed Your Speed. Are you a fast or a slow talker? Be mindful towards the person with whom you are speaking to ensure that your message is being comprehended, understood, and absorbed. If they are listening at a slower rate than you are speaking, disconnect can occur.
As a professional speaker, I speak rather quickly with enthusiastic energy and emotion. This doesn’t always sit well with people who like to speak at a slower pace and need more time to process. What I have learned through years in this profession is that to be more effective I must adapt my pace to the comfort level of my audience. When I am speaking to academics, engineers, and doctors, I speak with a slower pace than the one which I use with sales people, customer services teams, or teenagers.
Align your voice value with the tone, pace, and pitch of your listeners will help you connect on all levels.
Have you ever paid notice to the full sound range of your voice? If you have ever been in a chorus or a singing group, you already know that they will separate the group based on each singer’s pitch and assign their roles accordingly. While my speaking voice has a soprano pitch, my singing voice is a lower alto.
A high-pitched voice may sound less authoritative, more youthful, and less experienced, whereas, a lower pitched voice may be perceived as being more authoritative, confident, and credible. It is unfortunate that listeners will make assumptions based on these differences before even knowing the depth and value of your message. Play with your ranges and find a comfortably low pitch. Practice it to see if it makes a difference in conveying more authority and brilliance.
When your speaking style is clear, confident, and concise, your listeners will perceive you as such.
Developing your eloquence and enunciation will reduce the likelihood of misinterpretation and misunderstanding, making your delivery more powerful.
By speaking in a competent and confident way, your message will sound more relevant and appropriate, reflecting you in a favorable light.
Variety is the Spice of Life. Voices come in all shapes, tones, and sizes. Some are compelling and effective, while others are grating and agitating.
Your Signature Sound. In music, voice value is categorized for singers, composers, and listeners. Whether a performer’s voice type is soprano, alto, tenor, baritone, or bass, they all have unique characteristics that make them unique and impressive. You, too, have a signature sound that is uniquely yours and makes you stand apart from the crowd.
Neen James (NeenJames.com) is an eloquent and successful international speaker who stands at four-feet-eleven with a rich Australian dialect and a high-pitched voice. For years, fellow speakers with good intentions told her she needed to take voice lessons to lower her pitch to give her more depth for a compelling stage presence. With complete confidence and loyalty to her uniqueness, she ignored the naysayers and her amazing signature voice has become a powerful brand.
Most people are familiar with the rich, resonant tones of James Earl Jones and Morgan Freeman. Their signature voices bring strength, authority, and lyrical enjoyment. Are there aspects of your voice that you can capitalize on to make a great impression and be simply unforgettable?
Think of the times that others remembered your name and used it kindly. How did it make you feel? When you use someone’s name it makes him or her feel recognized, appreciated, and special.
A Sign of Respect. As our world grows more casual, we observe a tendency for everyone to use first names rather than surnames. “It is a pleasure meeting you, Mrs. Young,” has a completely different connotation than “Nice to meet you, Susan.
What determines whether the usage is acceptable or inappropriate? If you want to make a great first impression with positive impact, it is essential that you know there is a difference.
Using titles such as Mr., Mrs., Miss, Dr., etc. demonstrates respect. In previous generations, it was a social necessity and simply good manners. One would consider you rude and uncultured if you were so presumptuous as to go straight to a “first name basis.” First names can imply an intimacy that does not exist and it may offend a new person until they know you better. Be wary of making assumptions.
I was raised in an era when part of respecting your elders was to call them by Mr. or Mrs. When my children were growing up, an occasional child would call me Susan. It was jarring, felt disrespectful, and I did not like it. We reached a mutual agreement and their friends began calling me Ms. Susan. Perhaps this is more prevalent in the South, however, your awareness and consideration can help prevent social missteps.
It is wise to use titles for people in positions of power, higher education, seniority, or maturity, unless otherwise instructed. This may sound old-fashioned, but practicing respectful traditions will earn you points and inevitably make you seem more cultured and sophisticated. This is especially true with older generations.
To call certain people, such as your boss, teachers, professors, doctors, your parent’s friends, etc. by their first names might be considered disrespectful. It is best to err on the side of caution until you know what is appropriate.
Asking permission to call someone by their first name is a gesture of gentility and consideration. And once permission is granted, the gate is open for mutual respect and mutual purpose. Simply demonstrating this courtesy before making an assumption is impressive. Once permission is granted, you have earned points on both sides.
Make It Fun. Have you ever been publicly acknowledged or called upon in a room filled with people? Depending on your personality type, it can be either exhilarating or mortifying. It certainly does grab your attention, as well as everyone else’s!
When I am working with groups of thirty or fewer people, there is a powerful name exercise that I do to break the ice, start with humor, and begin my program with positive energy. One by one, each person will introduce themselves using an adjective that describes their personality that starts with the first letter of their name. “Spontaneous Susan,” “Dependable Dave,” and “Happy Helen” are a few quick examples. The benefit for the participants is twofold: it makes each person feel good and it makes people laugh. Additionally, it enables me to learn their names so that I can integrate them into the entire presentation for full engagement and participation.
Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name, and they're always glad you came. You wanna be where you can see, our troubles are all the same. You wanna be where everybody knows your name.
Every time you speak, you are using your voice to connect with others, whether it is in-person, on the phone, or in a recorded message.
Is your voice value delivering the image you wish to convey? Is your voice coming across as smart, friendly, and positive or ignorant, rude, and negative?
The way you deliver the words you say becomes your “vocal image. This "vocal image" can make or break your first impressions, impact your communication, and determine how people respond to you.
What can you do to ensure that your voice value translates into impression value?
Every professional voice coach worth their salt will bring you back to the importance of tone, pace, and pitch. While these concepts were introduced earlier in The Art of Body Language section, we can now elaborate and take a deeper dive into how you can use your voice to improve your communications.
Success in an enterprise can be brought about, through effective leadership, which educes open communication, which in turn would contribute towards bringing down conflict levels, thus leading to higher productivity and distinguished gains, which in turn testifies about the healthy corporate culture of an organization.
The Sun Tzu School (which wrote the Art of War) surely never imagined that their antiwar, pro-empire treatise would become known and accepted after the fall of the first empire as a text on military tactics. Likewise, they would have been surprised to see the Ping-fa military metaphor—an inspired teaching device—come to be seen as the message and not the medium.
You can't make a difference unless you are different.
Contemporaries of Alexander Hamilton noticed "his conspicuous sense of self-possession, his unique combination of serenity and energy.
its size, the House was an environment in which, as one observer put it, members “could be dealt with only in bodies and droves.
While Lyndon Johnson was not, as his two assistants knew, a reader of books, he was, they knew, a reader of men— a great reader of men.
Few emotions are more ephemeral in the political world than gratitude: appreciation for past favors. Far less ephemeral, however, is hope: the hope of future favors. Far less ephemeral is fear, the fear that in the future, favors may be denied.
People fail to realize there's a difference in kinds of money. There is old money and there is new money. Old money has political power but new money has only purchasing power. (1963)
Psychology of small things rules.
Jason (Elam, a Christian) is the kid in high school who gets along equally well with the jocks, the brains, the geeks, and the slackers, and influences their behavior.
The great actors always play themselves.
A newcomer could ascertain the identity of a town's true leaders – which storekeeper was respected, which farmer was listened to other farmers – only through endless hours of subtle probing of reticent men.
One biographer said Kennedy lived along the line where charm became power.
Twitter gives people an illusionary sense of leadership.
Someone once told me that, when your operations are not good, you should not talk strategy," says Iyer. "Fair enough. But the opposite is also true. If operations are good, then you must talk strategy.
his was a profession in which a good leader constantly had to adapt to new weapons, whether he liked them or not,
Leaders need to sacrifice "power-over" to get "power-to".
Strategic coherence is more important than strategic perfection.
Leaders need to correct for cognitive biases the way a sharpshooter corrects for wind velocity or a yachtsman corrects for the tide.
Yesterday’s decision-making strategies are ill-equipped to deal with petabyte information flows.
It is time to euthanize change management.
The notion of "business as usual" is a harmful myth.
Our relations seemed poor to me, and I wasn't surprised that the US intelligence picture in the Horn of Africa was weak. Much of what I read consisted of recycled news headlines repackaged as intelligence. Real, valuable intelligence only came from real people, yet we hadn't done much to meet and work with the people.
(John F.) Kennedy was an elitist and not a populist. He was enthralled by a certain British aristocratic view of politics in which an enlightened ruling class makes reasoned, rational decisions that are in the interest of the more emotional and easily manipulated masses.
A president must know what it is he does not know, and he should remain calm in pursuit of it, but there is no obligation to be honest about it.
Intelligence analysts should be self-conscious about their reasoning processes. They should think about how they make judgments and reach conclusions, not just about the judgments and conclusions themselves.
The reality is that the American people have no desire for an empire. This is not to say that they don't want the benefits, both economic and strategic. It simply means that they don't want to pay the price. Economically, Americans want the growth potential of open markets but not the pains. Politically, they want to have an enormous influence, but not the resentment of the world. Military, they want to be protected from dangers but not to bear the burdens of long-term strategy.
That image of a chessboard — an epic contest between two giant players, carefully nudging their pieces around the globe as part of a grand strategy — has indeed become a familiar metaphor for the Cold War. But it is misleading. Many decisions remembered today for their farsighted, tactical brilliance were denounced in their day as weak-willed. And big, public gestures often made less difference than the small, hidden ones.
In carrying out a peacekeeping mission where the grand strategy is to maintain peace and order by persuading armed parties or other hostile elements to back away from aggressive activities, military strength is not a definite measure of success; neither could material contribution alone guarantees the "winning of the hearts and minds" of the people. What appears to be important is the day-to-day conduct of the peacekeepers on the ground; those who uphold the principles of neutrality and impartiality, as well as those who are able to carry all aspects of its operational duties exceptionally.
Doing nothing requires effort. Over time, that effort is greater than the effort necessary to improve, or move somewhere better. The trick is to redirect energy.
A great strategy meeting is a meeting of minds.
Brilliant strategy is the best route to desirable ends with available means.
A good businessman knows how to make a profit. An engineer makes sure it runs well. We need more leaders who are task oriented.
Vision, not need, is what attracts money.
A business is an army;you are the general,and your subordinates are your troops.Victory is achieving your goals.Great victory is surpassing your goals.
The manager needs only a molehill to build a mountain, but the money-ger needs a full mountain to build another.
Leadership is about relationships - whether it’s a business deal with a client or a conversation with a family member - our ability to understand and appreciate individual uniqueness and perspective is paramount to living a fulfilled life.
Leaders are never measured by their success but rather by the success of those they've been entrusted to lead. Therefore, a leader can never be considered successful until those they lead are successful.
‪#‎PRAISE‬ ‪#‎CRITICISM‬ ‪#‎NEUTRAL‬If you live off people's compliments..you will soon die of their criticism..
The more positive you are the more people want to be around you and the less positive you are...well, just reverse it!
visionaries lives between 2 extremes
How can we tell people "never give up" when some haven't even started yet.
If you want to make a difference, the next time you see someone being cruel to another human being, take it personally. Take it personally because it is personal!
A properly educated leader, especially when harassed and under pressure, will know from his study of history and the classics that circumstances very much like those he is encountering have occurred from time to time on this earth since the beginning of history. He will avoid the self-indulgent error of seeing himself in a predicament so unprecedented, so unique, as to justify his making an exception to law, custom or morality in favor of himself. The making of such exceptions has been the theme of public life throughout much of our lifetimes. For twenty years, we've been surrounded by gamesmen unable to cope with the wisdom of the ages. They make exceptions to law and custom in favor of themselves because they choose to view ordinary dilemmas as unprecedented crises.
Mounting tensions in Eastern Europe send shivers down the spine. Barely a quarter of a century after the end of the Cold War we seem to be sliding inexorably towards another.
The strategic center of the rebellion was not a place – not New York, Philadelphia, not the Hudson corridor – but the Continental Army itself.
I’m sure the driver was a great guy and all he wanted was to drive me to my hotel—but he was a complete stranger to me and the truth is that being vigilant isn’t a part-time job, it’s not about being nice to people, it’s about reality. I made a terrible mistake once, believing the monsters that want to hurt us are easily labeled and identified, rather than walking and hiding amongst us. That’s my reality.
An army of sheep led by a lion is better than an army of lions led by a sheep.
Africa must remain on the path of democracy. But democracy MUST also remain about the PEOPLE, not about power
How often does a man ruin his disciples by remaining always with them! When men are once trained, it is essential that their leader leave them, for without his absence they cannot develop themselves. Plants always remain small under a big tree.
Some will, some won't. Look for the ones who will.
Most employees are never made or allowed to understand the real meaning behind the work that they are doing. So, for how long can someone remain motivated about chasing something without knowing what he is chasing and why?
don't believe to your eyes believe to your actions
Your men will not take the hill if you're simply yelling commands from the safety of the rear.
There’s no better way to serve and nourish the magnificence in another person than to simply listen to them openheartedly and without judgment.
Go a little easy on the people around you. Try to reel in judging thoughts. Think before you speak.
If you are not willing to give a less experienced qualified professional a chance, don't complain you are charged double for a job worth half.
If I have to dangle myself in the water like a freaking minnow, I will. Those people don't deserve this type of treatment. ~Willow Mosby (Exposing ELE)
We have minds that are equipped for certainty, linearity and short-term decisions, that must instead make long-term decisions in a non-linear, probabilistic world.
If you like tiger cubs,you got to get into the den!
To take risk and fail is not a failure. Real failure is to fear taking any risk
Leaders know that the fruit of life is out on a limb.
A true leader sticks up for his followers.
Lincoln did not admire those who think it is a mark of sophistication to sneer at patriotism. He believed that God has a will for a country and that is honest man should rejoice in the effort to try to remake his country after the Divine pattern, insofar as that pattern is revealed to him.
The king should act with promptitude, for without promptitude of action mere destiny never accomplishes the objects cherished by kings. The question for whether it is the king that makes the age or the age that makes the king, the king should entertain no doubt. It is the king that makes the age.
Leaders can hold onto busyness like a weapon of protection.
When there is no leverage or no incentive, all brains get stuck.
Those who do not appreciate the value of time are celebrity failures. Success is time management.
African leaders should not turn the continent into a giant collector of donations and loans from wealthy nations—they must find other plausible means to help established their economic security so as to minimize poverty. This incoherent blunder on the mainland must be scrutinized.
Do we follow the road life’s placed before us? Or do we dare step up and forge an exceptional path. A path fraught with struggle and sacrifice, Yet one whose outcome places us in destiny’s arms.
Leadership reveals itself in the big moments, but is forged in the small. It is the exponential and compounding product of our many incremental behaviors and actions; all of which arise out of our choices in values, beliefs & emotions. Choices all. Not a one is thrust upon us.
Give up the idea that by ruling over others you can do any good to them. But you can do just as much as you can in the case of the plant: you can supply the growing seed with the materials for the making up of its body, bringing to it the earth, the water, the air, that it wants. It will take all that it wants by its own nature, it will assimilate and grow by its own nature.
start something, with a knowledge to end it.
If you do not manage things, be prepared to face the consequences.
Good management has considerable impact on engagement levels of the employees and drives them towards excellent performances.
Authenticity requires us to slow down. Fast times require us to slow down. To be effective, we need to slow down our pace of thought and action and focus on managing our attention. To be authentic leaders we need to act from intention and choice rather than from habit and impulse.
An effective leader is also an effective listener.
The leader is always learning new things and gaining new insights.
A few of the managers we spoke with for this book worried that the tour of duty framework might give employees "permission" to leave. But permission is not yours to give or to withhold, and believing you have that power is simply a self-deception that leads to a dishonest relationship with your employees. Employees don't need your permission to switch companies, and if you try to assert that right, they'll simply make their move behind your back.
Delegation is not a binary thing. There are shades of grey between a dictatorship and an anarchy.
To foster a solution mindset, tell employees that you are not interested in who or what caused the problem. You are only interested in hearing how we plan to go beyond the problem.
Leadership is the influence of a person(s) on another person(s) which guides their efforts in a specific direction, with more purpose, clarity, and unity than they would have held on their own.
It can be dangerous to be right at the outset. Managers in some LCD-first companies interpreted the pivot point as an unconditional endorsement of everything they had been doing. As a result, they failed to recognize the need to rethink some details of their technology, such as the importance of color displays, and their complacency helped former plasma companies pull ahead.
Increasingly, management’s role is not to organize work, but to direct passion and purpose.
Forcing your employees to follow required steps only prevents customer dissatisfaction. If your goal is truly to satisfy, to create advocates, then the step-by-step approach alone cannot get you there. Instead, you must select employees who have the talent to listen and to teach, and then you must focus them toward simple emotional outcomes like partnership and advice....Identify a person's strenths. Define outcomes that play to those strengths. Find a way to count, rate or rank those outcomes. And then let the person run.
People. Products. Profits. In that order.
Define excellence vividly, quantitatively. Paint a picture for your most talented employees of what excellence looks like. Keep everyone pushing and pushing toward the right-hand edge of the bell curve.
True leadership is caring about the people who don’t care about things you care about.
Socialists are convinced socialism will work if it's only managed by the right people. It's one of the reasons so many socialist countries wind up led by dictators. Socialist leaders inevitably become convinced that only they can manage the state properly, so it would be folly, they reason, to give up their hard-won power. That's how socialism always seems to wind up with people like Stalin, Hitler, Pol Pot and Chairman Mao in charge.
Is it or is it not a matter of importance that a young man starts out in life with an ability to shut his jaw hard and say "I will," or "I will not," and mean it?
Leadership is the art of disappointing people at a rate they can stand.
The answer from yesterday is not as critical as the questions about the future.
Your greatest area of leadership often comes out of your greatest area of pain and weakness.
It is only through dialogue, deep listening, and passionate disagreement that we find our way to something larger than a singular and isolated point of view.
He could follow someone’s mind around, and get where it was going before the other fellow knew where it was going.
The new disease of our age is being OK doing everything at exactly the same time.
As a king can wear a crown, a crown can also weary a king.
There’s no discovery without a search and there’s no rediscovery without a research. Every discovery man ever made has always been concealed. It takes searchers and researchers to unveil them, that’s what make an insightful leader.
In the world of oratory, the cunning atheist declares himself a believer so as to preserve access to the rich fund of tales from religious texts and to powerful concepts like God, fate, angels, the soul, & the afterlife.
Success is not money, cars, fame or material possessions but the lives you touched positively.
Washington not only fit the bill physically, he was also almost perfect psychologically, so comfortable with his superiority that he felt no need to explain himself. (As a young man during the French and Indian war he had been more outspoken, but he learned from experience to allow his sheer presence to speak for itself.) While less confident men blathered on, he remained silent, thereby making himself a vessel into which admirers for their fondest convictions, becoming a kind of receptacle for diverse aspirations that magically came together in one man.
From her character in the HBO miniseries: "The art of politics is the art of applying the seat of the britches to the seat of the chair.
Good units walk a thin line between indiscipline and ineffectiveness. Ignore the rules too often and you’ve got a mob, but enforce the rules too strictly and you’ve got a herd.
So, what does it take to live a more excellent life? It takes a new way of thinking, speaking and acting. It takes a change in habits, and a better understanding of who you are and what you do each day. It takes a foolproof formula you can apply to every minute of your day, for the most excellent outcome every time.
The Shah "had traveled to Europe and had been fascinated by the march of progress he observed there. But, once back in Terhan, this fascination had not been translated into sustained Persian modernization, but rather dissipated in the Shah's intense but short-lived passion for the latest novelties. "He is continually taking up and pushing some new scheme or invention which, when the caprice has been gratified, is neglected or allowed to expire".
If leadership is the spinal cord of success then discipline is its lumbar vertebrae.
The assistant commander at any post is supposed to be a ruthless son of a bitch.
Under a bad leadership Serbs are capable of committing the most terrible atrocities; under good leaders we can do great deeds. It's like a field - if it's not cared for, the weeds will take over. But if you tend it, water and feed the seeds, you will read a bountiful harvest. Serbs are lazy, we lack discipline and have no capacity for self-criticism." With Their Backs to the World
Presenting leadership as a list of carefully defined qualities (like strategic, analytical, and performance-oriented) no longer holds. Instead, true leadership stems from individuality that is honestly and sometimes imperfectly expressed.... Leaders should strive for authenticity over perfection.
No greater place to be than in a leadership position to lead young minds to prosperity
The organization of supplies, the command of men, anything in any way constructive requires more than intellect; it requires energy and drive and an unrelenting will to serve the cause, regardless of one's personal interests.
Don't just DO something. Stand there! (and get perspective and understanding)
He was the first prime minister in a long time who did not have a son or a son-in-law in business or real estate
TAKE' nothing for granted..The 'GIVE' may be expensive!
Actions Matter: Do As I Do. Not As I Say.
It's not about who you think you know, but about who actually knows you.
Leadership vision is built on the leader’s authenticity.
Authenticity is not possible without embracing the “and” within us. Our minds like to categorize things into neatly labeled boxes. Am I right, or is she right? Let’s stretch our minds to I can be right and so can she. Embracing the “and” is like yoga for the brain. When we train ourselves to hold paradoxes by stretching ourselves out of the boxes our minds create, we stretch into new possibilities and adapt more quickly in a fast-changing world.
Most of us want to be authentic. Yet, we are not who we think we are. We are made up of a rich array of facets and possibilities, many of which we ignore because we label them as “bad”. We create a cardboard cutout image of ourselves to look good to others. The discord between who we are and the image we have to live up to slowly kills our aliveness. When we suppress parts of ourselves, it lowers our mojo, sense of fulfillment, leadership effectiveness and impact in the workplace.
Authentic leadership is leading adaptively from your core, choosing who you’re most inspired to be to serve the greatest good in this moment.
Authentic leadership is a whole body experience. Our bodies have a lot more to teach us about ourselves than our thoughts.
If we try to emulate the leadership style of others we perceive as successful, we end up being second-rate versions of someone else.
To be effective, we have to slow down the speed of our thoughts and focus on managing our attention.
Authentic leadership is about leading from the core of who we are to inspire each of us to our best contribution toward a shared mission.
Let's Not Just Be Heroes! Let's Be Heroes Who Lead!
And a young prince must be prudent like that,giving freely while his father livesso that afterwards, in age when fighting startssteadfast companions will stand by himand hold the line.
Human Dignity has five characteristics : A playful curiosity,a capacity for dreams, a sense of humor to achieve and correct those dreams, a certain flexibility and spontaenity of behavior, a capacity to fight for and save those dreams !
SILENCE does not always mean 'NEUTRALITY'! Sometimes, it may mean 'consenting' to a wrong, sometimes it may mean 'condoning' a mistake and sometimes it may mean giving space to the wrong doer....SOMETIMES, we need to get up and FIGHT!
Worry not that your child listens to you
Recalling his mother’s endless drudgery, (Senator) Richard (Russell) Jr. was to say that he was ten years old before he saw his mother asleep; previously, he had “thought that mothers never had to sleep.
You can't lose in sales if you remember that you're not selling
All the time and effort put into networking can be all for naught if there is no follow-through. The same goes for sales. And leadership. And … well, everything.
If your Idea cannot CHANGE the INDUSTRY, you have added no VALUE
If you want to know the real character of man, intentionally and timely give him the test of 3d’s; delay, denial and disappointment
He had to do so many things and make each appear as though it were the only thing he had to do. He had to compartmentalize everything, when on one task to pretend that the others didn't exist.
Not every President is a great speaker. Not every President is a great thinker. But in the modern era, every single President is a master of one thing: eye contact.
The loneliness of command had made Eisenhower emotionally self-sufficient.
When you allow yourself the abilityto challenge your doubts, to embraceyour deepest and darkest fears,that is when you learn how to bea healer and hero in your own life story~bns
An easy life does not make men, nor does it build nations. Challenges make men, and it is these men who build nations.
In the future, we should anticipate seeing more hybrid wars where conventional warfare, irregular warfare, asymmetric warfare, and information warfare all blend together, creating a very complex and challenging situation to the combatants; therefore it will require military forces to posses hybrid capabilities, which might help deal with hybrid threats.
Challenges in life always seek leaders and leaders seek challenges.
The first step out of the gate has to be knowing where you want to end up. What do you really want from your company?
Develop your leaders into a competitive advantage. Reconnect your leader-power to success.
The key to organizational success is to integrate next generation of leaders, tap into their way of looking at the world, solve problems in a very collaborative working style.
Leaders who nurture followers to be leaders, keep leading even when they retire, and they keep winning the admiration of leading leaders
In leadership that 20/20 vision sometimes becomes 20/40 or 30/50 depending on how close you are to the situation. To my AG Warrior I may never meet thank you for your efforts in writing the prescription to reestablish the 20/20 for the good of the group.
Educated idiots are the most fearsome creatures in a leadership structure because even though trained they still refuse to think.
Our journeys are different but we can share the same well traveled path during parts of our excursion. Small victories win wars not single battles.
Being a leader doesn't mean you always have to be in charge. Sometimes leaders make certain others have the right information at the right time to lead the charge or pull back to fight another day.
The saddle is off and the rest of this ride will be bareback. Code for it's gonna be a tough ride to the finish.
If a leader works hard to break the spirit of their Soldier they'll soon meet the most focused Soldier of a career.
A leader is skating up hill on a slippery slope when Servant Leadership is not part of a leaders philosophy.
You can't fake a great steak nor can you convince a raging bull to give you a easy eight second ride.
Beware of simple solutions, they often lead to complex problems.
There are circumstances which can only be created and remedied in a crucible of fury, fire, and destruction like the serotinous cones of the Jack Pine and Lodgepole Pine trees. Only after exposed to extreme heat and enormous pressures will the cone open to begin anew and flourish amongst the cleansed but desolate landscape. Also, like the unpredictable restrained power of a dormant volcano storing it's potential energy over long periods of time gives way to this planets most enchanting display of scenic beauty to stark nightmarish backdrops. Egos are like wildfires to me because they start small but uncontrolled they will get out-of-hand and devour without prejudice. However, egotistical people are part of life and the best defense is a good offense with fire breaks dug in advance anticipation and left in place for when the right conditions present themselves where you must decide to fight that fire or be consumed by it.
Its been my experience during my military career that a leader displaying a THIRST for power will ultimately have a APPETITE for destruction to go along with it.
Leading your Soldiers with the safety on as a condition of your own personal complacency is no different than running into battle with your firearm on safe yelling BANG BANG BANG!!! An Army leaders unlimited source of ammo are the Army Values and the Warrior Ethos.
Self Care is the secret ingredient to Soldier care in a recipe that yields many servings of effective leadership.
Excuses are most valuable to the person making them but to everyone else its foreign currency with little value or not accepted at all. You are not good with me until your integrity check clears.
Never put your business in the hands of one person or a select few. People leave. People die. People forget.
Followers don't follow until they trust leaders to lead.
What Africa lacks is not lack of resources or talent but the lack of strategic leadership.
How to prepare someone for leadership:I do it.I do it and you watch.You do it and I watch.You do it.You do it and someone else watches.
Developing leaders without a model is like building a house without a plan.
He might be a genius, but that did not make him a leader
Its not a question of whether we have or not, nor is-it about whether i am or you are, but this address is with respect to the fact that we need leaders who dread/desist from satisfying the rich and powerful man for political gain at the expense of their respective nations!
Crisis is a good revealer of great leadership
Failures, repeated failures, are finger-prints on the road to achievement. .
The troop whose captain is (apparently) not managing it, but whose girls manage themselves under the Scout laws, is the ideal troop.
Hiring should be like dating. A great marriage does not happen in a 30 minutes interview.
True leadership is not defined by notoriety, power, prestige, status, or job title...
The theory that something has to be big to have a significant impact is false.
Coachable people seek out those who speak truth to them, even if it is a painful truth, because it protects them and it makes them a better person and leader.
Never do anything as though you are a professional armature
Your ability to consummate Leadership or follower-ship brings fulfillment at each appointed time in life
Having margins in your life strips away external voices and allows that person to remember and honor the true self within.
Whether a chief executive ofﬁcer (CEO) is applying the practices to build an organizational vision or an employee is helping a colleague resolve a problem, anyone at any organizational level can leverage leadership practices.
Effective leaders are good spotters. They are on the lookout forpotential leaders. They have the ability to look beyond other’s deficiencies tosee their possibilities.
Growing a business requires that we look at ourselves and change the way we make decisions.
#Leadership is not how much you can take away from others,it is about how much you can inspire,teach and build others by example ~bns
The fundamental characteristic that enables hidden leadership to bloom is demonstrating integrity.
Great mentors don't solve your problems, they guide you to make your best decision and encourage you to take personal ownership of the next steps for success.
Motivating people is more than having the right incentives, the right programs and the right benefit packages. It's about tapping into the unique passions, personalities and strengths of those entrusted to our care.
Many of our leadership practices have gone from being tried and true to being tired and tarnished.
One of the landmines that church planters never dodge is the landmineof leadership development. I will never forget the day when I realizedthat there are no such things as 'ready-made leaders'.
Having a good definition of spiritual leadership is critical to developmentof leadership cultural throughout your church. You need to know what you areshooting for if you are going to hit the target.
When you don’t have time to do your job, that’s a good indication you’re playing the wrong game.
There is nothing worse for a young convert than to be thrust into leadership without mentoring and ongoing coaching because the devil relishes these vulnerable souls.
Only a person who perceives that all human beings are important can become a great leader.
At its best, leadership development is not an “event.” It’s a capacity-building endeavor. It’s a process of human growth and development.
Not everyone is born a great leader, but anyone can foster core leadership competencies for themselves and become actionable, effective leaders.
If one wishes to be a great project manager, one needs to talk less and write more.
Let the government not be an instructor but a parent who loves and adjusts to the needs of the nation, But remember a parent does what makes things look good to the entire family without segregation.
21st century leaders will be growers, not knowers.
Are you ready to possess your master piece; ready to live a life that is worthy of who you were made to be? You will likely shed a few tears—tears of joy, tears of pain, tears of revelation—you might scream out loud and laugh out loud. You might even stomp your feet, shake your fist or pound the air. That's okay, because later on you might just run out and hug a stranger, love an enemy and sing like never before as well.
A harsh word breaks the heart. A kind word can sooth the savage beast. A word never spoken can bury a burden or save a relationship.
The future begins when we tear down the walls that keep us in the past. We must be thankful for those who walked through the pain and helped us to see the way out.
What trumps the 'How' of Leadership is the 'Why
Leadership is an alchemy that combines your human skills with your professional capacities in order to use your full potential and to transform it in "gold".Read more: neculaifantanaru.com
Now is the time to reinvent yourself and develop a new plan of action. Now is the time to create new actions and practices that are focused on growth and development in your personal and professional life. Now is the time to unleash your leadership potential and ignite your passion to lead.
Never let your Enemies become your Advocates.” by A. K. Hasan
The best of all leaders is the one who helps people so that eventually they don’t need him.
No pastor, no spiritual leader, is ever able to take his people any further than he himself has gone with God.
I strongly believe that leadership is an art, not a science. I've learned that leadership can be innate or it can be learned. However, I don't believe anyone was truly born to be a great leader. Great leaders are formed over a long period of time through a series of opportunities and experiences. Without opportunities, even the greatest natural leader among us may never become known for great leadership.
The shoes of leadership have many ways to pinch and blister the feet of those who walk in them. But here's the thing, when we do walk in them despite the difficulties and challenges, our gait gradually changes from an ungainly, self-conscious toddle to a poised, purposeful stride that inspires trust in those who follow.
Do not desire to fit in. Desire to lead.“- Mary Kay Ash
When a leader replaces the value of selfless service with selfish ambition they have officially regressed back into a boss.
1 Minute Wisdom: Rethink Your Mindset because how you view, filter, interpret and automatically give meaning your experiences; is what you'll believe them to be.
There are few second chances when it comes to establishing your leadership legacy.
When leaders acquire the skills that enable them to release the productive potential and tap the collective capabilities of the group, who knows what positive results will be achieved? Some of them may move mountains.
Put your name on the mailbox.
Stay in your lane.
If you are not taking the time to set your own goals, chances are pretty high someone else is doing it for you. So don't be surprised someday when you end up someplace you never hoped to be.
There's a place for talking and criticism. But there's also a place to let our ACTIONS do the talking!
The first step to solving any problem is to accept one’s own accountability for creating it.
Being relevant to your customers only when you’re trying to sell something means choosing to be irrelevant to them for the rest of the time.
There will be plenty of other problems in the future. This is as good a time as any to get ahead of them.
The reputation of a great work ethic that took years to build can be forgotten with one act of misjudgment.
The economy is in ruins! Bottom line? Good management will defeat a bad economy.
No matter how slow or long it takes, it is never too late to right a wrong.
A knowledgeable manager can lend to the success of an organization "almost" as much as a poorly trained manager can damage it.
One cannot lead well until one learns to follow well.
There is no "one" way to be a perfect leader, but there are a million ways to be a good one.
Your company is its own competition and can deliver itself debilitating blows the competition only dreams of.
Stop categorizing and labeling! This is your way to avoid the unknown but brings the risk to avoid the new!
Never be SARCASTIC. A clever remark might gain you a few laughs but the butt of your remarks will be offended and will remember you for it.
Leadership is a SERVING relationship with OTHERS that inspires THEIR growth and makes the world a better place
Leaders create a legacy daily.
There is no better manager than a natural born one.
Instead of waiting for a leader you can believe in, try this: Become a leader you can believe in.
The purpose of leadership is to change the world around you in the name of your values, so you can live those values more fully.
Profitability. Growth. Quality. Exceeding customer expectations. These are not examples of values. These are examples of corporate strategies being sold to you as values.
When you’re a manager, you work for your company. When you’re a leader, your company works for you.
Work/life balance is not about escaping work. It’s about living exactly the way you want to when you’re at work.
What first separates a leader from a normal human being? A leader knows who they are as a human being.
True leaders live their values everywhere, not just in the workplace.
The worst thing in your own development as a leader is not to do it wrong. It’s to do it for the wrong reasons.
When rewards come from an external source instead of an internal source, they’re unreliable, which means they’re dangerous if you grow to depend on them.
Human behavior is only unpredictable and dangerous if you don’t start from humanity in the first place.
Imagine a world where what you say synchs up, not sinks down.
Why live my personal values at work? This is an excellent question to ask. If your attorneys are planning an insanity defense.
Here’s what you need to know most about leadership: Lead your own life first. The only thing in this world that will dependably happen from the top down is the digging of your grave.
The myth of management is that your personal values are irrelevant or inappropriate at work.
It’s impossible for a company to get what it wants most if managers have to make a choice between their own values and company priorities.
Try not to take this the wrong way, but your brain is smarter than you are.
A manager’s emotional commitment is the ultimate trigger for their discretionary effort, worth more than financial, intellectual & physical commitment combined.
You can stuff yourself with emotional fulfillment until it’s dribbling down your chin & your ego will quickly chomp it down and demand more.
Your dreams and the dreams of your company may be different, but they are in no way incompatible.
Providing the ultimate solution to work/life balance: not escaping from work but living the way you want to at work.
Your company really has to work for you before you’ll really work for your company.
What companies want most from their managers is what they most stop their managers from giving. What managers want most from their jobs is what they most stop themselves from getting.
Most managers have plenty of emotional commitment to give to their jobs. If they can be convinced it’s safe and sensible to give it.
What managers want most from companies they stop themselves from getting.What companies want most from managers they stop them from giving.
This is your one and only precious life. Somebody’s going to decide how it’s going to be lived and that person had better be you.
A manager’s emotional commitment is worth more than their financial, intellectual and physical commitment combined.
Emotional commitment is a personal choice. Managers understand this even if their companies don’t.
Emotional commitment means unchecked, unvarnished devotion to the company and its success; any legendary organizational performance is the result of emotionally committed managers.
The company may have captured their minds, their bodies and their pockets, but that doesn’t mean it’s captured their hearts.
Values are deeply held personal beliefs that form your own priority code for living.
Success means: I want to know the work I do means something to somebody and helps make the world, if not a Better place, not a worse one.
Your values are your essence: an undistorted mirror showing you at your pure, attractive best.
Careful now: even a financially rewarding, intellectually stimulating work environment isn’t the same as living your own values.
Values are the individual biases that allow you to decide which actions are true for you alone.
Success for Managers means: I want to be in healthy relationships. I want a real connection with people I spend so much time with.
Let’s get right on top of the bottom line: You must live your personal values at work.
Any expert will tell you that if you want emotionally committed relationships then people must be allowed to be true to who they are.
When you’re not on your own agenda, you’re prey to the agenda of others.
Leadership creates performance in people because it impacts willingness; it’s a matter of modeling, inspiring, and reinforcing.
Management controls performance in people because it impacts skills; it’s a matter of monitoring, analyzing and directing.
To integrate one’s experiences around a coherent and enduring sense of self lies at the core of creating a user’s guide to life.
Leaders are people who know exactly who they are. They know exactly where they want to go. They’re hell-bent on getting there.
Leaders make a lot of mistakes but they admit those mistakes to themselves and change because of them.
Managers know what they want most: to be allowed to achieve success by leveraging who they are, not by compromising it.
The high quality of a company’s customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
Companies should be the best possible place to practice fulfillment, to live out values and to realize deep connectivity and purpose.
The heart of a company’s performance is hardwired to the hearts of its managers.
Do you think your people struggle with being true to themselves? Do their values match up with their work?
Hard-core results come from igniting the massive power of emotional commitment. Are your people committed?
When you don’t know what true for you, everyone else has unusual influence.
Strong nations are built on SOLID HOMES not big houses
The world is starving for leaders who are not afraid to dismantle the sacred and precious beliefs, which hold us as prisoners of the past.
He was responsible for administering an army that lacked time-tested procedures and routinized policies, so every decision became an improvisational act.
Success has NO Rules except ONE..It follows NO rules and most RULES are made on the way!
Truth flows from universal law, not personal views.
No time for anything, little time for everything
In the era of globalization, everything is interconnected. A problem in one part of the world will definitely impact on other parts of the globe. Such phenomenon is also valid for defense and security context. A conflict in a state will bring implications in its neighboring countries or other countries extended in the same region. Therefore, collaborative efforts in tackling common defense and security problems are essentially required.
The New Economy brings the need to tap people’s curiosity, quest for knowledge and understanding, in order to develop a sustainable society.
If you want to do a few small things right, do them yourself. If you want to do great things and make a big impact, learn to delegate.
Gen. Matthew Ridgeway "intended not to impose his will on his men, but to allow the men under him to find something in themselves that would make them more confident, more purposeful fighting men. It was their confidence in themselves that would make them fight well, he believed, not so much their belief in him. His job was to keep them to find that quality in themselves.
Employment was better than idleness for men, because it kept the enemy guessing.
Strong combat leadership is never by committee. Platoon commanders must command, and command in battle isn't based on consensus. It's based on consent. Any leader wields only as much authority and influence as is conferred by the consent of those he leads. The Marines allowed me to be their commander, and they could revoke their permission at any time.
People respond more to the authority of status, than the authority of truth.
Being an authority on paper does not immediately grant you authority over a group until it is earned by you and given by them.
Certainly, a clear line must be preserved by strict discipline, and on the other hand the men must know that everything is done for them that hard times permit. On the top of that it follows that, among real men, what counts is deeds, not words; and then it comes of itself, when such are the relations between men and their leaders, that instead of opposition there is harmony between them. The leader is merely a clearer expression of the common will and an example of life and death. And there is no science in all this. It is a practical quality, the simple manly commonsense that is native to a sound and vigorous race.
But I knew something that Elena hadn't. That the measure of a true queen didn't lie in her magic. It had more to do with who she was, and what she was willing to give of herself, than it did with the powers she possessed- Charlaina di Heyse
The personal values managers reported being the most under pressure to compromise to do their jobs successfully: 1. Family 2. Integrity.
The question is not how to get managers’ emotional commitment but why manager’s don’t give it even if they like their company.
Bury My Heart is "a life-altering approach to turning managers into unconditionally committed leaders.
Man is born to dream, to be enlightened, to connect and to be fulfilled. Managers are too.
... we shoved out many hopes and fears into their hands, believing those hands were strong because they had firm handshakes. They failed us, always. There was no way they could not fail us - they were human, and so were we.
If you're going through hell, keep going
When leaders lack expertise, nothing else works
Foolish is the leader whom in the midst of organizational chaos believes since no one is approaching them with issues or concerns then everything must be doing fine. When your Soldiers cease communicating with you are 3ft into a 6ft hole.
As long as you're actively trying to achieve your goals your successes are rewards and your short comings are lessons learned
Leading by example through "Servant Leadership" used to be a badge of honor that distinguished you from the Corps of the Blue Falcon. Present day I see the ranks of the Blue Falcon surging in a flagless flotilla of blurred morals, a low tide of integrity, and selfish ethics adrift with no anchorage. The pulse of the led is directly influenced by the organizational heart rate of the leader.
Know when to push, pull or hold your followers, lest you push them while they are on the edge of a cliff
Some might argue that a diamond is the earths hardest carbon based substance. However, I'd challenge that with the resolve, resilience, and tenacity of a committed carbon based Noncommissioned Officer.
I'm often called in as a coach and speaker to motivate staff, teams, the public and leaders. The key to this is simple; you cannot truly, deeply and sustainably motivate anybody until you know what their motives are...what motivates them...?
Every time you practice a weakness, you feed it. And the things you feed grow in your life
Embracing failure is the stepping stone to success
What is your message ? And who will you be telling ?
Truth is after you've put out all the INFO to your Soldiers in formation they'll soon forget what you said but will never forget what you did behind those words.
Even the most absent minded Soldier will develope a memory like a elephant when mistreated.
The fragile ego of a poor leader can not resist the urge to tug at the delicate fabric of good order and disipline thus unraveling their own true nature.
Be the leader that doesn´t need a title to be followed.
If you are good follower, you have the same importance as a good leader.
Love cares about you. Leadership carries you.
Leaders are intentionally lucky.
Know when to push, pull & hold your followers, lest you push them while on the edge of a cliff
Being a young leader is not the problem, having a small mind is
Don’t remove the ladder once you done with it. Leave it for others to climb too
Listen more to the one who criticizes you and less to the one who praises you. Learn from them and do something about it.
Leadership without a following is null and at best loitering
A chosen leader is just the reflection of what the collective mind (or "silent majority") truly think and feel.
Good leadership isn't about what you say but what you do.
Judge behavior, not motives.
Micromanagement is the destroyer of momentum.
The importance of momentum in your organization cannot be understated!
A good leader is known by ‘his qualities’ not ‘his authorities’.
great attitude make your character and sets your path.
A praiseworthy King is he who doesn't seek the most expensive throne, rather the most effective leadership style.
I hang around shepherds because I can't talk to sheep.
Great leaders make an impact with limited resources and inefficient leaders cannot yield good returns even with abundant resources.
A true leader inspires by being among the people, not above them.
A good leader lead from the heart not the head.
So many teachers teach us but we shall always remember certain teachers
The king should be the servant of his people, and seek to uplift them and their lives.
don't think that warriors fit your standards
Do not hire those who are incapable.Do not fire those who are capable.A small, devoted army is greaterthan a large, indifferent one.
If you despise your people,you will disregard them.If you hate your people,you will harm them.If you esteem your people,you will serve them.If you love your people,you will even die for them.
Lead rationally.Lead responsibly.Lead resiliently.Lead reliably.
What supporters say about their leadertells men a third about who he is.What supporters do for their leadertells men two thirds about who he is.What supporters give up for their leadertells men all of who he is.
Lead competently.Lead productively.Lead skillfully.Lead excellently.
Average leaders take you to the mountain.Superior leaders take you up the mountain.Excellent leaders take you to mountaintop.Transcendent leaders take you to the stars.
Guide humbly.Guide happily.Guide hopefully.Guide honorably.
Guide impactfully.Guide impressively.Guide intuitively.Guide incredibly.
Guide valiantly.Guide venerably.Guide valiantly.Guide virtuously.
Suspense consumes your opponents, whereas mystery intrigues your followers.
A general is powerless without an army.An army is directionless without a general.To win battles a general and an army need each other.
Kings struggle to rule over nations,men struggle to rule over themselves;God effortlessly rules the universe.
Leading fools is like leading no one.Following a fool is like following no one.The wise make the best leaders and followers.
You cannot lead those who do not want to follow.
In serving the poor,one serves humanity.In serving mankind,one serves equity.In serving goodness,one serves God.In serving the Creator,one serves himself.
It is not important who the leader is. It's important what and where he/she leads one to.
Be a leader for the right reasons”.
Be a leader with exceptional qualities, not deceptive qualities”.
A ruler who is loved is greater than a ruler who is feared.
The quality of a conqueror is to be judged as much by what he spears as by what he spares
You cannot lead and follow a herd at the same time.
There are those who will hate you for the wrong reasons; you must be shrewd but innocent around them. There are those who will hate you for the right reasons, you must listen to them.Then there are those who will love you for the wrong reasons, you need them but never listen to them, and those who love you for the right reasons you must always keep near.
If you want to lead, study Moses; if you want to manage study Pharaoh.
I have met so-called leaders who showed fear in a moment when strength was required, and they give leadership a bad name.
When you lead the wise, walk behind them.When you lead the virtuous, walk beside them.When you lead the imprudent, walk in front of them.
The greatest leaders are the greatest servants.
Indecisive? Ask Yourself the Question: Does It Add Value To My Life and Makes Me Happy?
Following the herd reduces you to a cow.
The shepherd's fortune is in his sheep.
Passion + Persistence + Patience = Success.
Ordinary leaders move mounds,good leaders move hills,but great leaders move mountains.
You all are the reason for my existence,if there is no YOU, there is no ME
An innovative idea is special because only a certain few get to have it
You can succeed beyond the past, but not beyond your belief
Slow down to speed up. Anonymous
Until we become the change we seek, the change we seek will never come.
May you have the courage to choose love over hate.
You don’t have to be dead to leave a legacy.
Most people have no idea why others do what they do..The whole World from their own little mind decide 'what' it is..Sad when reasonably intelligible people continue to judge & judge..7.2 billion people under the Sun, how many can one please???Therefore....
The greatest risk most of us will take in our lifetime is that of repression or denial of basic rights of another person. The great risk is that you have no idea what will happen if that person you think so small or insignificant of stands up and totally eclipses the Sun in the universe of those lacking in empathy, humility, and humbleness.
Thriving leaders are the ones surrounded by diverse people from different generations.
He who would rule must hear and be deaf  see and be blind.
I know I have the body of a weak and feeble woman  but I have the heart and stomach of a King  and of a King of England too.
It is a characteristic of all movements and crusades that the psychopathic element rises to the top.
It is much safer to obey than to rule.
It is said that Mr. Gladstone could persuade most people of most things  and himself of anything.
It is the characteristic excellence of the strong man that he can bring momentous issues to the fore and make a decision about them. The weak are always forced to decide between alternatives they have not chosen themselves.
Nothing is more difficult  and therefore more precious  than to be able to decide.
There are two levers for moving men - interest and fear.
To get others to come into our ways of thinking  we must go over to theirs  and it is necessary to follow  in order to lead.
With a good conscience our only sure reward  with history the final judge of our deeds  let us go forth to lead the land we love asking His blessing and His help  but knowing that here on earth God's work must truly be our own.
Achilles absent  was Achilles still.
To lead the people  walk behind them.
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles  but today it means getting along with people.
When you come into the presence of a leader of men  you know that you have come into the presence of fire - that it is best not uncautiously to touch that man - that there is something that makes it dangerous to cross him.
I've got to follow them - I am their leader.
The reward of a general is not a bigger tent - but command.
A leader may symbolize and express what is best in his people  like Pericles  or what is worst  like Hitler  but he cannot successfully express what is only in his heart and not in theirs.
A true leader always keeps an element of surprise up his sleeve  which others cannot grasp but which keeps his public excited and breathless.
If I advance  follow me! If I retreat  kill me! If I die  avenge me!
If I advance  follow me! If I retreat  cut me down! If I die  avenge me!
Follow me  if I advance  kill me if I retreat  revenge me if I die!
A frightened captain makes a frightened crew.
As for the best leaders  the people do not notice their existence. The next best  the people honour and praise. The next  the people fear  and the next the people hate. When the best leader's work is done  the people say  'we did it ourselves!'
The slave begins by demanding justice and ends by wanting to wear a crown. He must dominate in his turn.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
To lead means to direct and to exact  and no man dares do either - he might be unpopular. What authority we are given now is a trinity: the grin  the generality  and God (the Word).
Dictators are rulers who always look good until the last ten minutes.
A chief is a man who assumes responsibility. He says  'I was beaten'  he does not say 'My men were beaten.'
Every man of action has a strong dose of egotism  pride  hardness and cunning. But all those things will be forgiven him  indeed  they will be regarded as high qualities  if he can make them the means to achieve great ends.
Dictators ride to and fro upon tigers from which they dare not dismount.
I have no family. My only responsibility is the welfare of Quebec. I belong to the province.
It is better to have a lion at the head of an army of sheep  than a sheep at the head of an army of lions.
Where there are no tigers  a wildcat is very self-important.
'Ah  John A.  John A.  how I love you! How I wish I could trust you!
I really believe my greatest service is in the many unwise steps I prevent.
I have nothing to offer but blood  toil  tears and sweat.
I have never accepted what many people have kindly said  namely that I have inspired the nation. It was the nation and the race dwelling all around the globe that had the lion heart. I had the luck to be called upon to give the roar.
Winston has written four volumes about himself and called it 'World Crisis'.
Winston Churchill - fifty per cent genius  fifty per cent bloody fool.
If you shoot at a king you must kill him.
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind in other men the conviction and the will to carry on.
In Pierre Elliott Trudeau  Canada has at last produced a political leader worthy of assassination.
Every woman's man  and every man's woman.
When we think we lead we most are led.
An army of stags led by a lion would be better than an army of lions led by a stag.
If the blind lead the blind  both shall fall into the ditch.
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.
Lincoln on Grant: "He makes things get. Wherever he is, he makes things move.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
What helps people, helps business.
It is rare to find a business partner who is selfless. If you are lucky it happens once in a lifetime.
I think that in any group activity - whether it be business, sports, or family - there has to be leadership or it won't be successful.
As I've progressed in my career, I've come to appreciate - and really value - the other attributes that define a company's success beyond the P&L: great leadership, long-term financial strength, ethical business practices, evolving business strategies, sound governance, powerful brands, values-based decision-making.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves.
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart.
Each one of us, and, indeed, all those who aspire to national leadership must bring their own visions, views and styles to the business of reforming Nigeria, and the search for solutions.
The one thing I have learned as a CEO is that leadership at various levels is vastly different. When I was leading a function or a business, there were certain demands and requirements to be a leader. As you move up the organization, the requirements for leading that organization don't grow vertically; they grow exponentially.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never.
The world is fortunate - for the time being, at least - that it has an American president in Obama who is prepared to take a conciliatory and concessive attitude towards America's decline and that it has a Chinese leadership which has been extremely cautious about expressing an opinion, let alone flexing its muscles.
We do need an attitude of leadership in our government which demonstrates faith in major population centres outside of Perth.
Where there is no vision, there is no hope.
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.
Leadership is diving for a loose ball, getting the crowd involved, getting other players involved. It's being able to take it as well as dish it out. That's the only way you're going to get respect from the players.
Leadership is something you earn, something you're chosen for. You can't come in yelling, 'I'm your leader!' If it happens, it's because the other guys respect you.
Humility is a great quality of leadership which derives respect and not just fear or hatred.
MoMA is one of the world's great cultural institutions with one of the world's premier Boards and Museum leadership. It is my distinct pleasure to work with such a talented and highly qualified group. I salute Bob Menschel for the high bar he has set and follow him in the position of Chairman with all the respect he has earned.
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
Going back to the moon is not visionary in restoring space leadership for America. Like its Apollo predecessor, it will prove to be a dead end littered with broken spacecraft, broken dreams and broken policies.
Californians are blessed with the remarkable leadership of Gov. Jerry Brown, who... has led our state to firm fiscal footing and brought us to the enviable position of dreaming - and achieving - big dreams again.
I am not saying that during the Second World War Germany did not, under the leadership of the National Socialist government, commit crimes.
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.
Inability to make decisions is one of the principal reasons executives fail. Deficiency in decision-making ranks much higher than lack of specific knowledge or technical know-how as an indicator of leadership failure.
Lead yourself whenever your boss' leadership deteriorates. When your boss doesn't praise what you do, praise yourself. When your boss doesn't make you big, make yourself big. Remember, if you have done your best, failure does not count.
If I were not African, I wonder whether it would be clear to me that Africa is a place where the people do not need limp gifts of fish but sturdy fishing rods and fair access to the pond. I wonder whether I would realize that while African nations have a failure of leadership, they also have dynamic people with agency and voices.
The fact that we are here today to debate raising America's debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better. I, therefore, intend to oppose the effort to increase America's debt.
The failure of women to have reached positions of leadership has been due in large part to social and professional discrimination.
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.
Maintaining a positive working relationship with Mexico's leadership will also be crucial to increasing communication and trade. I plan to personally maintain those relationships.
A more consistent and sustainable relationship with China will be a core goal of my administration. That requires open channels of communication, both with China's leadership and the Taiwanese people.
I wish I had played team sports. I think every kid should. Teamwork builds character - teaches people about leadership and cooperation.
The great Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il, putting forward the development of sports as a matter that has an important bearing on the prosperity of the country and nation, indicated the road ahead of the Juche-based sports and wrote a new chapter in the history of building a sports power by dint of outstanding ideas and leadership.
Many high school students are under so much competitive pressure. They are sometimes taught that if they don't have a 4.0 GPA, score in the 99th percentile on admissions tests, and demonstrate leadership in sports and participate in clubs, they won't get into college anywhere. Even highly credentialed professionals get caught up in this.
Leadership is one of sports' intangibles. Guys can score, guys can fight, guys can skate faster than anybody else. But not everybody can say, 'Follow me.'
I got put into leadership roles very early in life from fifth grade, sixth grade. I always ended up being the quarterback or the leader of the sports teams, and it's kind of benefiting me now.
Absolutely the United States should lead in space, for the survival of the United States. It's inspiring for the next generation. If we lose leadership, then we'll be using Chinese capability to inspire Americans.
The idea that computers can ever replace teachers and schools reveals a deep lack of understanding about the role leadership plays in student success.
Leadership is not about a title or a designation. It's about impact, influence and inspiration. Impact involves getting results, influence is about spreading the passion you have for your work, and you have to inspire team-mates and customers.
When the best leader's work is done the people say, 'We did it ourselves.'
I know of no single formula for success. But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well.
From the very first, it has been the educated and intelligent of the Negro people that have led and elevated the mass, and the sole obstacles that nullified and retarded their efforts were slavery and race prejudice; for what is slavery but the legalized survival of the unfit and the nullification of the work of natural internal leadership?
Good leadership consists of showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
I think leadership is more than just being able to cross the t's and dot the i's. It's about character and integrity and work ethic.
Leadership is a mindset that shifts from being a victim to creating results. Any one of us can demonstrate leadership in our work and within our lives.
The cardinal responsibility of leadership is to identify the dominant contradiction at each point of the historical process and to work out a central line to resolve it.
My height doesn't define my skill set. To be a great quarterback, you have to have great leadership, great attention to detail and a relentless competitive nature - and I try to bring that on a daily basis.
Globalisation means many other countries are asserting themselves and trying to take over leadership. Please don't ask Americans to let others assume the leadership of human exploration. We can do wonderful science on the Moon, and wonderful commercial things. Then we can pack up and move on to Mars.
There is a science to managing high tech businesses, and it needs to be respected. One of them is that in technology businesses, leadership is temporary. It's constantly recycling. So the asset has limited lifetime.
All the leadership positions that I have had have one common denominator: none has required that I give up my science work.
Teaching is a profession in which capacity building should occur at every stage of the career - novices working with accomplished colleagues, skillful teachers sharing their craft, and opportunities for teacher leadership.
We are working essentially to build a leadership force of folks who will, during their first two years of teaching, actually put their kids on a different trajectory - not just survive as a new teacher, but actually help close the achievement gap for their kids.
If we are to negotiate the coming years safely, we may need a new kind of leadership. To put it more precisely, we need the rediscovery of an ancient kind of leadership that has rarely been given the prominence it deserves. I mean the leader as teacher.
Unlike President Obama, I would say that I support the long-standing bipartisan post-war belief that American global strength and leadership secures our national-security interests, and it also promotes order and stability in the world. And it gives us immense influence in the world and deters our adversaries and reassures our allies.
In government, our chief executives have been lawyers. The great majority of our cabinets and congresses are and have been men trained in the law. They have provided the leadership and the statecraft and the store of strength when it was needed.
We the people have the strength to bring our country from our weak-kneed stumbling gait in the last ranks of reason to the leadership of the great march to environmental victory.
America is best when we come together with clear leadership, expertise, and the political will to take on difficult challenges and get things done. No one should ever doubt the strength and resilience of our country and our democracy.
I am deeply honored by the trust the board has placed in me to lead Duke Energy. I have a high degree of confidence in the strength of our company's leadership and dedicated employees.
There are three secrets to managing. The first secret is have patience. The second is be patient. And the third most important secret is patience.
Dr. Sun Yat-sen, Father of the Republic, made it his great aim in his revolutionary leadership to secure freedom and equality of status for China among the nations of the world.
Sinn Fein has demonstrated the ability to play a leadership role as part of a popular movement towards peace, equality and justice.
I want to organize so that women see ourselves as people who are entitled to power, entitled to leadership.
My generation took on political equality. I believe young people, who have graduated into a poor economy, have an incentive to take on much tougher issues of income equality. If they show the leadership they have demonstrated in the last few elections, they can bring changes even greater than my generation achieved.
Leadership in telecommunications is also essential, since we are now in the age of e-commerce.
Leadership is an intense journey into yourself. You can use your own style to get anything done. It's about being self-aware. Every morning, I look in the mirror and say, 'I could have done three things better yesterday.'
I had the closest thing I have ever had to an out-of-body experience lying in bed one morning. I turned on the 'Today' programme and item four on the news was: 'The shadow chancellor has ruled himself out of the leadership.' I lay there thinking that's interesting, then I realised it was me.
I have yet to meet members of a leadership team who I thought lacked the intelligence or the domain expertise required to be successful. I've met many, however, who failed to foster organizational health. Their companies were riddled with politics, various forms of dysfunction, and general confusion about their direction and mission.
I think for leadership positions, emotional intelligence is more important than cognitive intelligence. People with emotional intelligence usually have a lot of cognitive intelligence, but that's not always true the other way around.
The intelligence investigation under the leadership of Senator Church, which I know has helped cause this investigation by you, points out that the agencies did not disclose certain facts to us and that certain plots were going on.
It's a tremendous responsibility to be direct descendants of the prophet Muhammad. This family has had the burden of leadership on its shoulders for 1,400 years. I'm not going to drop the ball on my shift.
The government, under my leadership, will act to implement the rule of law and to maintain the independence of the judicial system, which is one of the pillars of maintaining a democratic system.
The Labor party under my leadership is working to bring the Israeli people together from all nationalities in the spirit of the scroll of independence.
The one thing that the President can do is to establish a real energy independence plan. We have all the recources we need right here in this country to establish energy independence if we had the leadership.
For centuries, America has led the world on a long march toward freedom and democracy. Let's reclaim our clean energy leadership and lead the world toward clean energy independence.
The signs of outstanding leadership appear primarily among the followers. Are the followers reaching their potential? Are they learning? Serving? Do they achieve the required results? Do they change with grace? Manage conflict?
I think to be a great quarterback, you have to have a great leadership, great attention to detail, and a relentless competitive nature. And that's what I try to bring to the table, and I have a long way to go. I'm still learning, and I'm still on a constant quest for knowledge.
Every act of conscious learning requires the willingness to suffer an injury to one's self-esteem. That is why young children, before they are aware of their own self-importance, learn so easily.
A good part of my leadership skills is crafted from learning from experiences early in my career that were not positive experiences.
This assumption of Negro leadership in the ghetto, then, must not be confined to matters of religion, education, and social uplift; it must deal with such fundamental forces in life as make these things possible.
We need leadership that can elevate religion and morality to their position of paramount importance and thus eliminate growing selfishness, immorality and materialism.
Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat.
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles but today it means getting along with people.
Leadership is all about taking people on a journey. The challenge is that most of the time, we are asking people to follow us to places we ourselves have never been.
Every time you have to speak, you are auditioning for leadership.
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine.
One of the best paradoxes of leadership is a leader's need to be both stubborn and open-minded. A leader must insist on sticking to the vision and stay on course to the destination. But he must be open-minded during the process.
Most businesses think that product is the most important thing, but without great leadership, mission and a team that deliver results at a high level, even the best product won't make a company successful.
But the person who scored well on an SAT will not necessarily be the best doctor or the best lawyer or the best businessman. These tests do not measure character, leadership, creativity, perseverance.
You can't run a government from one single person. What instead matters is that leadership be about gathering around extraordinary individuals and getting the best out of them.
Leadership consists of picking good men and helping them do their best.
No matter how good you think you are as a leader, my goodness, the people around you will have all kinds of ideas for how you can get better. So for me, the most fundamental thing about leadership is to have the humility to continue to get feedback and to try to get better - because your job is to try to help everybody else get better.
The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better.
I think one of the keys to leadership is recognizing that everybody has gifts and talents. A good leader will learn how to harness those gifts toward the same goal.
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason.
Leadership is hard to define and good leadership even harder. But if you can get people to follow you to the ends of the earth, you are a great leader.
There are good leaders who actively guide and bad leaders who actively misguide. Hence, leadership is about persuasion, presentation and people skills.
My philosophy of leadership is to surround myself with good people who have ability, judgment and knowledge, but above all, a passion for service.
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
History has shown that one cannot legislate a culture of integrity. And yet, one of the paramount responsibilities and challenges of corporate leadership is to ensure such a culture.
At an unprecedented time with the worst attack ever on our soil, our President displayed extraordinary determination, leadership and resolve when history was thrust upon him and the United States.
Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel. If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish.
I am deeply honored by the opportunity to lead Intel. We have amazing assets, tremendous talent, and an unmatched legacy of innovation and execution. I look forward to working with our leadership team and employees worldwide to continue our proud legacy while moving even faster into ultra-mobility to lead Intel into the next era.
I think leadership is service and there is power in that giving: to help people, to inspire and motivate them to reach their fullest potential.
In a world of complex threats, our security and leadership depends on all elements of our power - including strong and principled diplomacy.
Leadership is about vision and responsibility, not power.
You have to enable and empower people to make decisions independent of you. As I've learned, each person on a team is an extension of your leadership; if they feel empowered by you they will magnify your power to lead.
The exercise of power is determined by thousands of interactions between the world of the powerful and that of the powerless, all the more so because these worlds are never divided by a sharp line: everyone has a small part of himself in both.
Dr. King's leadership reaffirmed the promise of our democracy: that everyday people, working together, have the power to change our government and our institutions for the better.
God will never direct us to be prideful, arrogant and unforgiving, immoral or slothful or full of fear. We step into these things because we are insensitive to the leadership of the Holy Spirit within us.
I think America has a responsibility to maintain its leadership in technology and its moral leadership in the world, to explore, to seek knowledge.
I understand from experience that unity is easy to call for, but it takes the right kind of leadership to achieve.
The book is actually called 'A Mentor Leader, a Different Way to Lead.' It really talks about my experience in the way I tried lead our football team, things that I learned from, basically, the coaches that I played for and my parents about leadership. And it is a little bit different, counter to maybe what society says about great leaders.
The topic of leadership is a touchy one. A lot of leaders fail because they don't have the bravery to touch that nerve or strike that chord. Throughout my years, I haven't had that fear.
I think that my leadership style is to get people to fear staying in place, to fear not changing.
Europe is difficult to coordinate, and our main deficit may not even lie in this area of finance and economics, but in foreign and security policy. We have a leadership problem because we are still 27 different members who have still not decided on how to work with each other based on what we used to call a European constitution.
As long as the opposition believes the world will stand with Ukraine's democrat reformers, they will have the leverage and the courage to establish a legitimate republic under the leadership of Viktor Yushchenko.
