It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
There are times to stay put, and what you want will come to you, and there are times to go out into the world and find such a thing for yourself.
If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,But make allowance for their doubting too;If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,Or being lied about, don't deal in lies,Or being hated, don't give way to hating,And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wiseIf you can dream - and not make dreams your master;If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim;If you can meet with Triumph and DisasterAnd treat those two impostors just the same;If you can bear to hear the truth you've spokenTwisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken,And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out toolsIf you can make one heap of all your winnings And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,And lose, and start again at your beginningsAnd never breathe a word about your loss;If you can force your heart and nerve and sinewTo serve your turn long after they are gone,And so hold on when there is nothing in youExcept the will which says to them: 'Hold on!'If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,Or walk with Kings - nor lose the common touch,If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you,If all men count with you, but none too much;If you can fill the unforgiving minuteWith sixty seconds' worth of distance run,Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,And - which is more - you'll be a Man, my son!
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
You never know what's around the corner. It could be everything. Or it could be nothing. You keep putting one foot in front of the other, and then one day you look back and you've climbed a mountain.
Live the Life of Your DreamsWhen you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.
When things go wrong, don't go with them.
Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
Hardships make or break people.
It doesn’t matter how many times you get knocked down. All that matters is you get up one more time than you were knocked down.
I wish to weepbut sorrow isstupid.I wish to believebut belief is agraveyard.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road…Unless you fail to make the turn.
What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.
It’s probably my job to tell you life isn’t fair, but I figure you already know that. So instead, I’ll tell you that hope is precious, and you’re right not to give up.
I think this is when most people give up on their stories. They come out of college wanting to change the world, wanting to get married, wanting to have kids and change the way people buy office supplies. But they get into the middle and discover it was harder than they thought. They can't see the distant shore anymore, and they wonder if their paddling is moving them forward. None of the trees behind them are getting smaller and none of the trees ahead are getting bigger. They take it out on their spouses, and they go looking for an easier story.
So since I'm still here livin',I guess I will live on.I could've died for love--But for livin' I was born.
The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough. They’re there to stop the other people.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence.
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.
The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
What is grander than a country and more valuable than gold? Strength of heart.
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.
Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back.
I was taught to strive not because there were any guarantees of success but because the act of striving is in itself the only way to keep faith with life.
That's one of the remarkable things about life. It's never so bad that it can't get worse.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Everyone has the fire, but the champions know when to ignite the spark.
A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmareto the jeweled vision of a life started anew.
A true philosopher must never give up.
Well and good if all things change, O Lord God, provided I am rooted in You.
Where we fall are the stepping-stones for our journey.
If it's true what is said, that only the wise discover the wise, then it must also be true that the lone wolf symbolizes either the biggest fool on the planet or the biggest Einstein on the planet.
Easily mistaken, it is not about a love for adversity, it is about knowing a strength and a faith so great that adversity, in all its adverse manifestations, hardly even exists.
Christians walk as strangers in the world: They are untamed. They are free. To persevere with love, yet untamed by man, is often what leaves that open space for divine revelation when God so wills.
With adequate planning, passion and perseverance, you can achieve the God-given goals.
Never, never, never give in!
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
The lotus is the most beautiful flower, whose petals open one by one. But it will only grow in the mud. In order to grow and gain wisdom, first you must have the mud --- the obstacles of life and its suffering. ... The mud speaks of the common ground that humans share, no matter what our stations in life. ... Whether we have it all or we have nothing, we are all faced with the same obstacles: sadness, loss, illness, dying and death. If we are to strive as human beings to gain more wisdom, more kindness and more compassion, we must have the intention to grow as a lotus and open each petal one by one.
Being alive is sign of strength!
For the wise have always known that no one can make much of his life until self-searching has become a regular habit, until he is able to admit and accept what he finds, and until he patiently and persistently tries to correct what is wrong. – Bill W.
Boy, the solid things you can hold in your hands are never all you've got. They're the least of what belong to you. The qualities inside you, those are what you've really got to defend yourself with.
Sometimes we have to soak ourselves in the tears and fears of the past to water our future gardens.
You can'tstop dreamingjust becausethe night neverseems toend.
You got up off the bathroom floor. That’s a start. Now, just stay off the floor. After all—aside from winning the lottery—all any of us can ever really hope for is more days spent standing tall than spent in pieces on the floor.
You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.
Never rebel for the sake of rebelling, but always rebel for the sake of truth.
All the things that are worth doing, take time.
The difference between those that can and those that can’t is attitude.
You opinions about me does not change who I am.
If everyone could be a successful and rich author, there would be no point in working so hard. Where is the fun in that?
I gave up many times but I never quit.
Every failure if you let it is an opportunity to reinvent yourself and move forward.
Inspiration may come from many places but motivation - the love of life, daily drive and the will to thrive - that must come from you from within
Stars do not hide from darkness. Roses do not hide from thorns. Diamonds do not hide from pressure.
A flower does not fulfill its destiny until it blooms, and a star does not fulfill its destiny until it shines.
Chimerical words, the words were written,Some are wasted; some are still on the page,Tattered words, the words were written,Some are young, some are aged,Gloomy words, the words were written,Some are unspoken, some are told,Words were hurt, though they can heal,Words are breathless, though can feel,Words won hearts, words shattered hearts,Words lost battles, words won wars,Wars within, words had scars.
His pen spoke more to her than he ever did”.In the war of words, some are unwritten and some are unspoken.
How might I get over this? How would I be able to overlook the way he used to be with me? How could I overlook that his fingers touched my indiscernible soul before it twisted my nipples? How might I overlook his essence that still is in my garments? Despite everything, I still hear you saying that you love me. Though I know you don't.
All she captures is a moment and what she calls it is a memory,Sometimes, it is assumptions that we use; all we need is a theory,Because you don’t know what is there in the future,And all you need is a vision to make a perfect picture.I feel that I have known you for a century,And whatever she calls is a memory.
Planning and perseverance will bring your mission to fruition.
After all these years, all I know is, I need not to do anything as a part of remorse.All I need is to write.Because,'Poetry forgives.
Most men either compromise or drop their greatest talents and start running after, what they perceive to be, a more reasonable success, and somewhere in between they end up with a discontented settlement. Safety is indeed stability, but it is not progression.
The devil's happy when the critics run you off.
How to win in life:1 work hard 2 complain less 3 listen more 4 try, learn, grow5 don't let people tell you it cant be done6 make no excuses
Wise is the one who flavors the future with some salt from the past. Becoming dust is no threat to the phoenix born from the ash.
Your fate is never determined when your massive imagination is.
Life's a gloomy puddle, until you start jumping in it.
Even as she began to slip into the gloaming of her life, the primal need to live…to survive...clawed at her soul.
Even in the mud and scum of things, something always, always sings.
Why are we worn out? Why do we, who start out so passionate, brave, noble, believing, become totally bankrupt by the age of thirty or thirty-five? Why is it that one is extinguished by consumption, another puts a bullet in his head, a third seeks oblivion in vodka, cards, a fourth, in order to stifle fear and anguish, cynically tramples underfoot the portrait of his pure, beautiful youth? Why is it that, once fallen, we do not try to rise, and, having lost one thing, we do not seek another? Why?
I know now, after fifty years, that the finding/losing, forgetting/remembering, leaving/returning, never stops. The whole of life is about another chance, and while we are alive, till the very end, there is always another chance.
It will get easier each time, I think. I hope. I just have to keep trying.
His will be done, as done it surely will be, whether we humble ourselves to resignation or not. The impulse of creation forwards it; the strength of powers, seen and unseen, has its fulfillment in charge. Proof of a life to come must be given. In fire and in blood, if needful, must that proof be written. In fire and in blood do we trace the record throughout nature. In fire and in blood does it cross our own experience. Sufferer, faint not through terror of this burning evidence. Tired wayfarer, gird up thy loins, look upward, march onward. Pilgrims and brother mourners, join in friendly company. Dark through the wilderness of this world stretches the way for most of us: equal and steady be our tread; be our cross our banner. For staff we have His promis, whose 'word is tried, whose way perfect": for present hope His providence, 'who gives the shield of salvation, whose gentleness makes great'; for final home His bosom, who 'dwells in the height of Heaven'; for crowning prize a glory exceeding and eternal. Let us so run that we may obtain: let us endure hardness as good soldiers; let us finish our course, and keep the faith, reliant in the issue to come off more than conquerors: 'Art though not from everlasting mine Holy One? WE SHALL NOT DIE!
But if you ask me what I remember (about 1945), I will say it was the year Franklin D. Roosevelt died and I got one of his flowers. I will tell you that yellow rose give me the courage to do the right thing even if it was hard. I will say it was the time in my life when I learned all of us is fragile as a mimosa blossom. But the miracle of all is, When push comes to shove, we can be just as tough as Hickory. It mostly hurts at first. After a while it starts to feel better.
But the Count hadn’t the temperament for revenge; he hadn’t the imagination for epics; and he certainly hadn’t the fanciful ego to dram of empires restored. No. His model for mastering his circumstances would be a different sort of captive altogether: an Anglican washed ashore. Like Robinson Crusoe stranded on the Isle of Despair, the count would maintain his resolve by committing to the business of practicalities. Having dispensed with dreams of quick discovery, the world’s Crusoes seek shelter and a source of fresh water; they teach themselves to make fire from flint; they study their island’s topography, it’s climate, its flora and fauna, all the while keeping their eyes trained for sails on the horizon and footprints in the sand.
For this reason, it is well said that misfortune is sometimes good for something, for it teaches at the same time that it hurts.
Yes, my scars shape meToday, I have learnt to coverit with fabric made of hope, faith, perseverance, and determination. For this, I am grateful to life
There is never a guarantee of survival, no matter your strength or skill or wit. There is only the day you are conceived and the day you die, and all else is a series of moments you either embrace or endure.
What else has kept any of us going, but love of someone or the memory of that love?
I pray for insight where the path is veiled, fortitude where the obstacles appear insurmountable, endurance where the destination seems unattainable, and equanimity when all that remains is to accept the journey.
We just need to hang in there a little longer, spend a little more of our energy... Breathe...
While there is life, there is hope.
When the well's nearly dry and you're not sure you have the strength to persevere, fill up on love and friendship, then take another step, and then another, until you reach your goal.
Kiss your scars. Fall in love with them. They ought to serve as life-affirming reminders—a lingering trace of hope. The only reason we have these scars is because we survived and are still here.
Anger is very deadly. It leads to intolerance and this causes depression.I have discovered people who are temperamental need help so they can overcome such challenges.Running away from challenges doesn't help but confronting the challenges.In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher. If you must learn how to control your anger, you must practice it by being around those who usually provoke you the most.How you respond to their provocation should be rated by you on different occasions, you compare your latest reaction with your past, assess them and think of better ways to improve next time.Overcoming anger and intolerance is very difficult, but it is possible...it is just a gradual process but change is assured.Taking advice is easy but following the instructions is difficult but with time, if one is ready to overcome anger, it will be a thing of the past.Don't give up on yourself!
Though you may hear me holler,And you may see me cry--I'll be dogged, sweet baby,If you gonna see me die.
Some lean back. But those who lean forward are poised to cross the finish-line, first!
Common man's patience will bring him more happiness than common man's power.
What wonder will I accomplish today? And how will it tie in to tomorrow and tomorrow, so that I may live as the hero I want to be? And today how will I seek and find the opportunity that scares me? An opportunity that has me harness some elements within that I may cross over the bridge into the other side of my existence; the one that’s begging to be unsettled, that greets the morning before the sun with a ferocious will to rise up, to inspire, to create laughter and tears from the uncovering of the magical self and the relief that I have given in to the excitingly scary, omega point pull to evolve.
I am sore wounded but not slainI will lay me down and bleed a whileAnd then rise up to fight again
First, I thought, almost despairing,This must crush my spirit now;Yet I bore it, and am bearing-Only do not ask me how.
Where are we going? It’s not an issue of here or there. And if you ever feel you can’t take another step, imagine how you might feel to arrive, if not wiser, a little more aware how to inhabit the middle ground between misery and joy. Trudge on. In the higher regions, where the footing is unsure, to trudge is to survive.
Persistence. Perfection. Patience. Power. Prioritize your passion. It keeps you sane.
In order to share one's true brilliance one initially has to risk looking like a fool: genius is like a wheel that spins so fast, it at first glance appears to be sitting still.
Oh what a wonderful soul so bright inside you. Got power to heal the sun’s broken heart, power to restore the moon’s vision too.
If you're waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you'll never make it.
When your only regret is if anyone thinks you regret anything - that is the definition of conviction.
The doing of something productive regardless of the outcome is an act of faith. The doing of a small something when a large something is too much for us is perhaps especially an act of faith. Faith means going forward by whatever means we can.
Guidance, like all God's acts of blessing under the covenant of grace, is a sovereign act. Not merely does God will to guide us in the sense of showing us his way, that we may tread it; he wills also to guide us in the more fundamental sense of ensuring that, whatever happens, whatever mistakes we may make, we shall come safely home. Slippings and strayings there will be, no doubt, but the everlasting arms are beneath us; we shall be caught, rescued, restored. This is God's promise; this is how good he is.
Souls reconstructed with faith transform agony into peace.
Acuerdate de lo que te digo, mi niño. No tengas miedo. Todo lo que te ha pasado te ayudará. Vas a salir adelante.
Years ago I asked my friend, the great actress Ruth Gordon, to articulate in a few words the secret to her indomitable, unsinkable spirit. Her reply was a gift that became a mantra for me:“It takes courage.It takes believing in it.It takes work.It takes rising above it.It takes me liking you, and you liking me.It takes the dreaming soul of the human race that wants it to go right.Never stop dreaming.Think about it.
People tell you to believe in yourself for your whole life, then call you arrogant when you begin taking their advice.
Hit the reset button. Whatever happened yesterday, forget about it. Get a new perspective. Today is a new day. Fresh start, begins now.
You know what I did after I wrote my first novel? I shut up and wrote twenty-three more.")
If you can quit, then quit. If you can't quit, you're a writer.
Of course, in fairness, I must remind you of this: that we writers are the most lily-livered of all craftsmen. We expect more, for the most peewee efforts, than any other people.
So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their endings.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
The death of a dream can in fact serve as the vehicle that endows it with new form, with reinvigorated substance, a fresh flow of ideas, and splendidly revitalized color. In short, the power of a certain kind of dream is such that death need not indicate finality at all but rather signify a metaphysical and metaphorical leap forward.
When you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.
Perseverance is the act of true role models and heroes.
Bad luck with women is a determined man's road to success. For every affliction, he makes, out of indignation, yet another advancement in order to exceed the man that the woman chose over him. This goes to show that great men are made great because they once learned how to fight the feeling of rejection.
Tanacity is the dance within the art of opportunity
In business, sport, entertainment and beyond an idea is worth next to nothing. The energy, effort, passion, talent, tenacity, strategy, resilience and resourcefulness to see it through and make something of it is worth everything.
When I wanted to know something, I wanted it undistorted by somebody else's imperfect knowledge.
Harada: Failure is essential, Amanda. It's the motivator. Even as an infant. You fall and fall again until eventually you can put one foot in front of the other and walk.Amanda: I don't like the not knowing. Not knowing what's wrong. Not knowing what I'm doing. Not knowing what's happening next.Harada: You're human. Of course you don't like it. The trick is learning to savor the unknown. To embrace mystery. Trust me... too much knowlegde can become... will become a bigger burden than ignorance and failure will ever be.
Superficial knowledge is potentially more dangerous than ignorance. It gives a false sense of security encouraging an ignorant man to persevere in his efforts that can result in huge damage.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Success is a little like wrestling a gorilla. You don't quit when you're tired. You quit when the gorilla is tired.
When emerging from humble beginnings, those around you tend to underestimate your authenticity because they knew you before you were 'somebody'.
As Aristotle said, 'Excellence is a habit.' I would say furthermore that excellence is made constant through the feeling that comes right after one has completed a work which he himself finds undeniably awe-inspiring. He only wants to relax until he's ready to renew such a feeling all over again because to him, all else has become absolutely trivial.
No one can travel so far that he does not make some progess each day. So let us never give up. Then we shall move forward daily in the Lord's way. And let us never despair because of our limited success. Even though it is so much less than we would like, our labour is not wasted when today is better than yesterday!
What you perceive as a failure today may actually be a crucial step towards the success you seek. Never give up.
The only guarantee for failure is to stop trying
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable
Sure I am this day we are masters of our fate, that the task which has been set before us is not above our strength; that its pangs and toils are not beyond our endurance. As long as we have faith in our own cause and an unconquerable will to win, victory will not be denied us.
Where would his torture be, indeed, if at every step the hope of succeeding upheld him?
There's sometimes a tugging feeling you get to push further when you aren't being challenged enough or when things get too comfortable.
One may not always know his purpose until his only option is to monopolize in what he truly excels at. He grows weary of hearing the answer 'no' time and time again, so he turns to and cultivates, monopolizes in his one talent which others cannot possibly subdue. Then, beyond the crowds of criticism and rejection, the right people recognize his talent - among them he finds his stage.
It is easier for one to take risks and to chase his dreams with a mindset that he has nothing to lose. In this lies the immense passion, the great advantage of avoiding a materialistic, pleasure-filled way of life.
Always take failure as an opinion never as an option.
You thought it would break you in two, but it made you twice as strong.
A leader’s meal is that unstoppable desire to stay late to see his dreams achieved. They never give up.
Life may try to knock you down but be persistent with your passions - cultivate grit, resilience, tenacity and endurance success will come.
Never give up just because you failed initially
There will always be rough days and easy ones. Like a ship, we must sail through both.
The qualities of a successful man are tenacity, perseverance, courage and the will to win
Study the lives of highly successful people from any corner of life, across history, in any environment, and you will discover they share one trait: They keep moving forward. Sometimes slowly. Often with great difficulty. Frequently after painful mistakes, defeats, or failures. Success is less about talent and opportunities, and more about commitment and motivation.
Is there any success without an effort?
Is the any success without an effort?
If we had not endured, we will never have succeeded.
If you're looking for the easy challenge, you're not cut out for success.
A proactive learner can have the ability to acquire a vast amount knowledge to use critical thinking because he or she has the passion comprehending complex principles, theories and tasks in daily life and career settings.
If you have the capability to stimulate your brain power by being eager to accumulate new knowledge from reading important texts in a daily basis , you will eventually be able to prove your distinguished intelligence to others by pursuing a prestigious career.
Your education is important because with only a few words you can show an employer the depth of your potential.
We had a policy of "no looking back". Once a decision was made, all members of our team were expected to stop talking about obstacles and instead focus intensely on solutions."Don't tell us all the reasons this might not work. Tell us all the ways it could work.
There is a price to be paid for any accomplishment.
The enthusiasm to work hard and endless determination are the two great skills for success.
he willingness to work-hard and indomitable willpower are vital for any accomplishment.
A determined soul and indomitable spirit are necessary for any achievement.
With determination, the dream will be fulfilled.
Perseverance, endurance and patience are the three greatest survival skills.
You may encounter many disappointments. Be strong. Tell yourself, “I am good enough, I will try again.
If you fall, dare to rise up again.
There are no smooth paths to success. You have to straighten many rugged roads and scale numerous walls for the ultimate triumph.
Nothing great was ever achieved without 100% dedication, discipline and determination.
The degree of your desire determines your dedication.
With diligence, discipline and determination you can fulfill the dream.
With persistent focus and determined spirit, you can achieve the God-given goals.
Success is end result of many combats.
A willing spirit, a determined effort.
With great diligent, pursue your dreams.
I must endure to the end.
The greatest strength is the spirit of endurance.
You must endure willingly for the fulfillment dreams
You can use the stumbling blocks to build your success.
Sometimes, we must travel on the longest path to our sacred-destination.
In the achievement of dreams demands 100 percent dedication.
Self-determination and self-dedication will make the dream a reality.
I am pushing through every barrier to fulfill my dream.
It is only by persistent focus on your dreams you will pull all the divine forces for the passion of fulfilled dream.
I will never give up on my dreams. I have the patient to wait and work hard for its fulfillment.
A willing soul will keenly go the length, breadth and depth to fulfill the dream.
With persistent perseverance, you can break through any barrier.
Forget all about ‘What if’. Believe in possibilities.
Aim for the stars. You will sooner reach the moon.
For every great success, diligence is desirable from the beginning to the very end.
The longest path leads to the destiny destination.
Reject anything advice, which does not lead to your personal progress.
Sometimes, something meaningless occurs, somewhere with meaning.
If you lack open communication and honesty in your life – It’s time to look within. Are you someone who handles heavy, emotional, or tough information well or do you often get excessively agitated, upset, or depressed? My rule of thumb is that no topic ‘should’ ever be off limits with a loved one. That is the goal to work towards. The point being, if you’re easy to talk to, people will talk to you! If you’re not, then they won’t!
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives. It's what we do consistently.
I may not be where I want to be, but if I stop now, I'll NEVER get where I'm going!
be who you set out to be...
Ye are most strong, ye Sons of the icy North, of the far East, far marching from your rugged Eastern Wildernesses, hither-ward from the gray Dawn of Time! Ye are Sons of the Jotun-land; the land of Difficulties Conquered. Difficult? You must try this thing. Once try it with the understanding that it will and shall have to be done. Try it as ye try the paltrier thing, making of money! I will bet on you once more, against all Jo'tuns, Tailor-gods, Double-barrelled Law-wards, and Denizens of Chaos whatsoever!
It is not by strength that one prevails. But by the grace of prayer in the spirit of perseverance.
‪You collide with destiny caught up in the mystery of walking the halls of a mind that's only inclined to recognize & expect victory.‬
Dreams become regrets when left in the mind, never planted in the soil of action.
Keep Trying is what it means to resolve to do something.
A FAILED RESOLUTION IS NOT THE FAULT OF RESOLUTIONS.
To be resolved to something is a reflection of your inner core, not the nature of resolving.
Never become impatient with the process, bored with the pace, frustrated at the meager results, just keep trying.
Never give up because when you give up, dreams get lost.
The dream provides inspiration and motivation. The goal generates drive and momentum. But daily effort on the details is the fuel that gets you to your dream.
Healing is your right, your responsibility and the risk you can't afford not to take.
You must have thought more times than you realized "it will hurt".You should know it may. Okay. It may hurt immensely to open you up in your safe, dark space, sporadic light and chaotic air hitting you unlike anything you have known. Sometimes it will feel impossible to swallow. Because finding your way back to you involves telling the truth about oneself while pushing through a field of trees that are all whispering different tones of you.
Don't everallowthe disharmony of otherstobecome your ownamindful practiceof discernment(and the dislike for wearing bullshit)buildsthe eye, heart and spiritual muscles.
For every spirit who is learning: you heal yourself.
You get to take what this world gives you.
You see yourself as a shipwreck, but we see your treasure glowing inside, beneath the oceans in your eyes.
Sometimes we must gravitate towards madness before we can levitate on greatness.
As you run towards your desired destination, if you turn to look behind and see no one running with you, keep running: because it's evident that you have no competition and therefore, you are destined to get to that destination.
Being "nowhere" is a step towards getting somewhere.Today, if you feel like you are nowhere, you are in a powerful position to choose the "somewhere" you want to go.
I will take all the action there is, and even if I fail and fail and fail and fail and fail, I know like I know, that the door to this opportunity will one day get weakened by the forces of my attempts, and break wide open for me to get in.
The writer's curse is that even in solitude, no matter its duration, he never grows lonely or bored.
Everything started as nothing.
Money and beauty are defenses against the sorrows of this world but neither can undo the past. Only time will conquer time. The way forward is the only way back to innocence and to peace.
Never give up. It might not seem easy at first but in the end, it will all be worth it
No one can say if you are that person who, given good paint, good brushes, and a fine canvas, can produce something better than the factory man. That is, and has always been, beyond the realm of science. You do have the attitude of the dreamer about you. For that reason, I haven't the heart to argue anymore about this - it is a hopeless talk. And for a simple factory man like me, an effort must be abandoned once its hopelessness is exposed. Only the artist perseveres in such circumstances.
This is a world where things move at their own pace, including a tiny lift Fortey and I shared with a scholarly looking elderly man with whom Fortey chatted genially and familiarly as we proceeded upwards at about the rate that sediments are laid down.When the man departed, Fortey said to me: "That was a very nice chap named Norman who's spent forty-two years studying one species of plant, St. John's wort. He retired in 1989, but he still comes in every week.""How do you spend forty-two years on one species of plant?" I asked."It's remarkable, isn't it?" Fortey agreed. He thought for a moment. "He's very thorough apparently." The lift door opened to reveal a bricked over opening. Fortey looked confounded. "That's very strange," he said. "That used to be Botany back there." He punched a button for another floor, and we found our way at length to Botany by means of back staircases and discreet trespass through yet more departments where investigators toiled lovingly over once-living objects.
Your pain is a school unto itself–– and your joy a lovely temple.
Contemplate for a moment hiking up a wild and rugged mountain. The mountain itself is a challenge, as well as the experience of beauty and danger. To reach the top, a person must persevere. The higher one goes up the mountain the more one can see of the landscape around. There is, in seeing an expansive view, a natural delight and exhilaration that anyone who makes the effort feels. This natural delight corresponds to the spiritual joy of gaining a higher perception of life. Mountains correspond to heaven. The delight of gaining an elevated view on a mountain is the reflection (correspondence) of spiritually gaining wisdom in one’s soul.
...spiritual dryness is not a problem. It only seems a problem because it's such a contrast with the good feelings of the honeymoon stage. ...this night will continue to go on, often getting worse, throughout our life. But if we persevere in our spiritual journey, we will be able to perceive in it positive meaning and learn to understand it. Then we can move beyond it to the freedom that places our feelings in proper perspective.
Children have a lesson adults should learn, to not be ashamed of failing, but to get up and try again. Most of us adults are so afraid, so cautious, so 'safe,' and therefore so shrinking and rigid and afraid that it is why so many humans fail. Most middle-aged adults have resigned themselves to failure.
He stared into his coffee, thinking quietly. "But you've never been afraid of anything, have you?""I have, though," I said, surprised at my own emotion. "I've been terrified... I just haven't let it stop me
Perfection is born of imperfection.
There is a season for everything under the sun—even when we can’t see the sun.
Discover a purpose that gives you passion. Develop a plan that makes you persistent. Design a preparation and motivates you to optimize your potentials. Do it because you love it!
In order to fulfil our life mission we also need to develop perseverance
To achieve our goals we need perseverance
I made my name”. What does this mean? It means you developed endurance, perseverance and will-to-win as a core part of your character
Rather than reacting to every obstacle or dashed expectation, incorporate the event into your overall plan. Real life setbacks like rejections, broken promises, and unfair disadvantages will happen. Rethink the meaning behind the emotional triggers and how your reaction will further your purpose. Manage emotions by recognizing their place, but do not allow them to control your moves.
When our commitment is wavering, the best way to stay on track is to consider the progress we've already made. As we recognize what we've invested and attained, it seems like a waste to give up, and our confidence and commitment surge.
They always said my books were ass. The next one I wrote told them to kiss it!
Sometimes all the players get a bad hand. You just have to be determined enough to see the game through.
We love being mentally strong, but we hate situations that allow us to put our mental strength to good use.
Champions never sleep, the eternal spirit keep them alert and awake.
It is not over. Champions extend their limits and make things happen.
My courage and my resolution is firm; but my hopes fluctuate, and my spirits are often depressed.
Sometimes great achievements arrive much later than we expect, but they arrive, and they are great.
Don't let anyone tell your story. Pick up a pen and write your own.
When push to the wall. You have to develop strategies to scale over the wall.
Don't be afraid of challenges. Let them take you somewhere new.
You have to conquer every obstacle, before you can reach the top of the mountain.
You don’t know the sacrifice behind the success!
Pray for faith, hope for peace, strive for unity, and persevere for harmony.
Your friends will believe in your potential, your enemies will make you live up to it.
...these sleepless nights, when oddly enough my concentration was high, fueled perhaps by the effort to ignore the all-engrossing threat of bombs and rockets.
Never lose your passion 2 dream.
Still the voices of your critics. Listen intently to your own voice, to the person who knows you best. Then answer these questions: Do you think you should move ahead? How will you feel if you quit pursuing this thing you want to do? And what does your best self advise? What you hear may change your life.
Chase your dreams even with the last breath.
We dream. We aspire. We hope. Sure, we can get down too. But it's not about that. It's not those moments that define us. It's those times when we're looking forward, seeing that brighter future, and acting on it.
In the long years to come, not only will the people of this island but of the world, wherever the bird of freedom chirps in human hearts, look back to what we've done, and they will say 'do not despair, do not yield...march straightforward.
...the Bush administration may, in future years, be remembered 'for bringing peace to the Middle East' (as Condoleezza Rice has pronounced). History may be the mother of truth, but it can also give birth to illegitimate children.
Let's do everything that we can, and let the good Lord do everything else that we can't.
Turn your failures into lessons, your obstacles into opportunities, your tragedies into triumphs, and in no time you will turn your dreams into reality.
Water drops erode mountains not because of their size, but their persistence.
A dove struggling in a storm grows stronger than an eagle soaring in sunshine.
I saw a man climb a mountain with no feet or hands and barely a stump for each arm and leg. At once I realized there was no excuse at all for me not to scale my own mountains.
If birds sing without worrying about who is listening to them, and monkeys dance without worrying about who is watching them, and hyenas laugh without worrying about who is mocking them, then you too must do what you do best without worrying about who is ridiculing you.
When life is sweet, be thankful, and rejoice; but when bitter, be strong, and persevere.
Nothing great comes to pass in life without perseverance.
The sun does not rise abruptly, but perseveres until it rules the sky.
If you were able to fall a hundred times as a child and rise, you are able to fall a thousand times as a grown up and soar.
Great winds only challenge great trees.
If you fail a thousand times, find a thousand and one ways to succeed.
If beautiful lilies bloom in ugly waters, you too can blossom in ugly situations.
Fear is an assassin; if you let it in your life, it will kill your dreams.
The storm only comes to teach you how to skillfully sail your ship.
As inside of every seed is the power to rise from darkness, inside of everyone is the power to rise from adversity.
A rock that perseveres under heat and pressure soon becomes a diamond.
If the storm forgets to bring a rainbow, paint your own.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot and use it to hang your troubles.
Your end can be greater than your beginning: butterflies are the greatest proof of this.
The bad chapters of your life lead to the good ones if you keep turning the pages.
When the world told the caterpillar its life was over, the butterfly objected, “My life has just begun.
When all seems to be against you, remember, a ship sometimes has to sail against the current, not with it.
A bird does not give up flying because it failed on its first attempt.
Every seed must rise through dirt to enjoy the sunshine.
A daisy blooming in a desert is worth more than a rose blossoming in a rainforest.
When night comes do not despair; rejoice instead and say to yourself, “At least now I can see the stars.
If seeds despaired in their darkest hours, they would never rise to enjoy their brightest days.
Today’s storms usher in tomorrow’s sunshine.
The larger the bricks your enemies throw at you the larger the palace you are going to build.
When people try to bury you, remind yourself you are a seed.
Be like seeds; do not see dirt thrown at you as your enemy, but as ground to grow.
The rainbow’s colors are hidden in the storm.
Women are never so strong as after their defeat.
Change is hardest at the beginning, messiest in the middle and best at the end.
Should you shield the canyons from the windstorms you would never see the true beauty of their carvings.
The beauty of a morning glory, is that of its patient wait for the sun to rise in the morning!
O what a blessed day that will be when I shall . . . stand on the shore and look back on the raging seas I have safely passed; when I shall review my pains and sorrows, my fears and tears, and possess the glory which was the end of all!
A life of faith is an enduring sacred-existence.
You see, it is so hard for these creatures to persevere. The routine of adversity, the gradual decay of youthful loves and youthful hopes, the quiet despair (hardly felt as pain) of ever overcoming the chronic temptations with which we have again and again defeated them, the drabness which we create in their lives and the inarticulate resentment with which we teach them to respond to it--all this provides admirable opportunities of wearing out a soul by attrition.
Life seeks for willing soul. You can be the one.
...A man can only stumble for so long before he either falls or stands up straight.
Leadership is not just some empty formulas but establishing deep connection at soul levels through service, integrity, passion, perseverance and equanimity.
I've failed over and over but I get back up stronger, better, and bolder. It's the only way I know and want to live.
The quickest way a person can defame your character is by taking something you said out of context. But Fear Not. Everyone that was ever Anyone always had their words taken out of context. If you can't handle having your words twisted up, then leadership is not for you. Leadership is reserved for the ‪#‎BRAVE‬.
When you make up your mind that you want to be Great, you have to learn about the Great people of the past, the Great people who changed the world, and the Great people of each respective category of absolutely everything you can think of. You have to saturate your mind in greatness. You literally have to get a degree in it. Greatness is a journey into those who have come before you. ‪
If you never try, you'll never know. You are what you manifest.
He did not falter, as long as there was a path that led toward his goal.
Any goal, no matter what size, can be achieved if it is tackled with courage, initiative, perseverance, and integrity.
Your first 10,000 photographs are your worst.
Intelligence entails a strong mind, but genius entails a heart of a lion in tune with a strong mind.
Sight is seeing what's there, vision is seeing what's possible
All you need is a little hope in order cope in times of failure, and be able to try again with a better intelligence for excellence!
He who has never left his hearth and has confined his researches to the narrow field of the history of his own country cannot be compared to the courageous traveller who has worn out his life in journeys of exploration to distant parts and each day has faced danger in order to persevere in excavating the mines of learning and in snatching precious fragments of the past from oblivion.
All I’m trying to say is, be kind to yourself. This one life is all we’ve got, and we all make mistakes along the way. Do things we oughtn’t, fail to do those we should. See those moments for what they were. Learn from them what you can. And then stand up a little taller and keep marching forward. In the end it’s how we keep going that matters. The world won’t remember our falls unless we never pick ourselves up.
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
Nothing earthly will make me give up my work in despair.
But I weren't no quitter No wolf nor bear just gives up when they get beat or hungry. You ever seen a bear jump off a cliff 'cause life handed him a few rough draws? No, you haven't. The wild keeps going till it don't have strength in its muscles and bones. The wild doesn't give up; it's forever, and so was I.
ENDURANCEI don't know you,But I love you,Just as God loves me and you.The sun and the moonAre opposing forces,But they still greet each other,Peacefully,As one awakens in the morning,Just as the other goes to sleep.Life has pounded me downAnd thrashed me around,Time and time again,But I always get right back up,Because I still love life -Just as the earth still lovesThe rain.
Peace is more of an internal settlement rather than what is visible on the external.
Although it is easy to imagine happiness as the upwards turn on this haphazard rising and falling of emotion which is life, but really it is a foundation of strength of character and inner balance that precipitates peace, a foundation that is slowly built or slowly chipped away. There are times when it may seem that the foundation of happiness is broken, but as the dust settles and the debris is cleared away, we find that the storm has only covered it, still leaving everything we have built in place. True happiness is forged in the furnace of perseverance, fortitude, hope and love. It is not burned or broken by the heat, rather it is made unbreakable—it becomes eternal. Life is the fuel for this purifying fire.
The journey to success is easy if you know the road map and have persistence and perseverance.
Let me not pray to be sheltered from dangers,but to be fearless in facing them. Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain, butfor the heart to conquer it.
Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If I quit, however, it lasts forever. That surrender, even the smallest act of giving up, stays with me. So when I feel like quitting, I ask myself, which would I rather live with?
Every pain is a lesson.
The moment you realize that life will hurt more than your death. While existing, we're forced to become acquainted with sadness. There's no antibiotic for the ridding of distress, and no alleviation of these intervals of pain we must encounter. Behind our eyes, are all these things: our stories, our dreams, our deficiencies, and our scars. Today would leave a scar.
It is as great a crime to leave a woman alone in her agony and deny her relief from her suffering as it is to insist upon dulling the consciousness of a natural mother who desires above all things to be aware of the final reward of her efforts, whose ambition is to be present, in full possession of her senses, when the infant she already adores greets her with its first loud cry and the soft touch of its restless body upon her limbs.
With positive attitude and persistent endurance, you can overcome any challenge.
One may suffer the long-term in order to grow in appreciation for the small things. For in short-term suffering, one only notices the large.
In every situation, may we find the grace of endurance.
What happens to us are tiny matters compared to us response to any situation.
What happens to us are tiny matters compare to us response to any situation.
With perseverance and endurance you can survive any storm.
In the storm, our only anchor is hope.
The mere idea that you are not in a place for the rest of your life gives you an awfully unstable feeling. That's why trial marriages would never work. You've got to feel you're in a thing irrevocably and forever in order to buckle down and really put your whole mind into making it a success.
You have to passionately want it to possess it.
Without being push to the wall, we will have remained in our comfortable zone. But this circumstance challenges us to find the courage to move on.
Success requires preparation and persistence effort.
Although, the journey is long, keep traveling.
Never modify your goals, amplify your might.
We ought to be patient at all times.
With certainty, courage and commitment, the dream will be a reality.
Do not give in to fear and lose hope. Be strong!
Be passionately devoted to your dreams.
Money can cloud your vision. Sometimes, God takes away the money and uses times of adversity to refine us like gold.
Enthusiasm and endurance are the greatest spirits of great accomplishments.
Never give up. You must persist!
We shall not fail. The dream will be fulfilled.
If life throws you a few bad notes, don't let them interrupt your song.
Use your special gifts to fulfil your divine purpose.
You can perhaps, in a number of circumstances, tell yourself that you can't have more than you have until you do better than you're doing, but by all means steer clear of its reverse, the creed of defeat, in saying that you can't do better than you're doing until you can have more than you have.
The human heart is like india-rubber; a little swells it, but a great deal will not burst it. If "little more than nothing will disturb it, little less than all things will suffice" to break it. As in the outer members of our frame, there is a vital power inherent in itself that strengthens it against external violence. Every blow that shakes it will serve to harden it against a future stroke; as constant labour thickens the skin of the hand, and strengthens its muscles instead of wasting them away: so that a day of arduous toil, that might excoriate a lady's palm, would make no sensible impression on that of a hardy ploughman.
To esteem what makes you holy over what makes you happy - that is the greatest dare.
A stone, no matter how small, resists the wind.
A butterfly is a caterpillar who never gave up on his dream to fly.
A river continues to flow despite losing a few drops at each turn.
Thorns do not keep a rose from blooming, neither should obstacles keep you from success.
Singing in a storm silences thunder’s threats.
On the path to greatness, life teaches you to walk with stones in your shoes.
A bird does not give up flying today because it couldn't find any worms yesterday.
An oak tree is just a small nut that persevered against the taunts of doubt and fear.
If you are going through hell, keep walking until you reach heaven.
Seeds are proof that the greatest growth takes place in the dark.
A flower can only grow through concrete if it believes in itself, not its obstacles.
The uglier the caterpillar the lovelier the butterfly.
A bird that fears turbulence will never know how high it can fly.
If an ant carries an object a hundred times its weight, you can carry burdens many times your size.
Use the arrows failure throws at you to hunt for success.
Harsh winters precede pleasant springs.
A diamond is just a rock that refused to break under heat and pressure.
Life hands us storms so we can paint rainbows.
Because failure works double time, to get success, work triple time.
Perfume is the scent that pours out of a flower's soul when crushed.
Persevere like a seed; even when people try to bury you, flourish.
If a flower can flourish in the desert, you can flourish anywhere.
A mighty storm is inconsequential when facing a mighty ship.
Shatter your fears and you will shatter records.
Storms pass by on their way to get all the colors needed to paint your rainbow.
The word try, means nothing. There's no such thing as trying to do something. The moment you begin a task, you're doing it. So just finish what you're doing.
Against all odds, a seed rises from darkness and beautifies the universe.
Be flexible like trees; when the wind blows bend, but do not break.
If a flower perseveres through concrete, you can persevere through anything.
The sweetest fruits grow at the top of a tree so that only those who deserve them can reach them.
The darkness of the storm determines the brightness of the rainbow.
A butterfly is a caterpillar which refused to give up its dreams to fly.
It is easier to move mountains using God's hands.
The sweetest victories come after the bitterest defeats.
If records refuse to be broken, shatter them.
The bigger the bricks critics throw at you the bigger the palace you are going to build.
Believe in yourself, not in your critics.
The dark skies of despair are no match for the bright skies of hope.
A step towards what you fear is a mile towards mastering it.
The thorny path to greatness is better than the rosy path to mediocrity.
Behind your darkest fears lie your brightest rewards.
Small steps of faith add up to great leaps of success.
Today's tears are an investment into tomorrow's smiles.
You don't win battles you walk away from.
An egg's true value is only known when it is broken.
Don't settle for a star when you can have the whole sky.
Stumbling towards greatness is better than sprinting towards mediocrity.
Conquering hills today prepares you for conquering mountains tomorrow.
Present tears water the gardens of future blessings.
Holding onto your dreams is better than holding onto your nightmares.
Battling wolves today strengthens you for battling lions tomorrow.
Taking a leap of faith is better than taking a leap of doubt.
A garden is never beautiful by accident.
Your darkest experiences often lead you to your brightest fortunes.
Big dreamers achieve more than big doubters.
The beauty of adversity is that when we hit bottom, the only way to go is up.
I will ignore those who ridicule me.I will ignore those who undermine me.I will ignore those who undervalue me.I will ignore those who envy me.I will ignore those who disparage me.I will ignore those who betray me.I will ignore those who wrong me.I will embrace those who mentor me.I will embrace those who support me.I will embrace those who celebrate me.I will embrace those who improve me.I will embrace those who inspire me.I will embrace those who motivate me.I will embrace those who love me.
Shifting perspective(s) and being proactive are essential to your our life paths, progress and possibilities: "Just because a door appears closed it does not mean that it is locked - nor that it will not open with the right heart, call or touch
Life's true test of perseverance is continuing to run after learning that the finish line is only the start to a new race.
Patience is the key that unlocks the door to perseverance that unlocks the door to endurance that unlocks the door to the sustaining power of true success.
When perseverance becomes a force of habit, success becomes a guarantee.
Do not dwell on the past. Focus on the precious moments and gracious future.
If you stay determined, the obstacles cannot stop your progress. You will triumph over every mountain.
Curiosity fueled our determination to keep questioning.
Countless possibilities exist in any situation. You must maintain a positive outlook to see the miraculous possibilities.
In all spheres of life, there are constraints. You have to develop your own strategy to overcome each constraint.
Life gives us experiences for personal development. Appreciate the lessons and be a learner.
Life is a teacher. We are the student.
When the tough get going, the going gets easier.
Never give up on your existence.
Endless faith,Infinite hope.
It does not matter how long it takes to reach the goal. With persistent focus, commitment and enthusiasm, you will make it a reality.
May you wait for God’s timing.
Challenges are part of life. We only need grace to endure.
Go ahead and pursue your God-given dreams.
Though we faced many trails, we do not lose hope. We are living by faith.
Certain motherfuckers think they can fuck with my shit, but you can't kill the Rooster. You might can fuck him up some times, but, bitch, nobody kills the motherfucking Rooster. You know what I'm saying?
In communities, at work, but particularly in families, people are put together in something like a three-legged race. God means us to cross the finish line together, and all the other people tied together with us play some part in our progress. They are oftentimes to rouse our stubborn sins to the surface, where we can deal with them and overcome them. Bundled together in families, a giant seven or nine or fifteen legged pack, we seem to make very poor progress indeed and fall to the ground in bickering heaps with some regularity. But God has put us together - has appointed each person in your bundle specifically for you, and you for them. And so, 'little children, let us love one another' with might and main, and keep hopping together toward the finish line.
She expected a lot of me. When I was in fourth grade working on a book report, she made me start the whole thing over when she read it and said it was barely even legible. "What's wrong with it?" I asked her. "It's not good enough yet. You have to try harder," she said, her voice gentle. "You have to try hard at everything you do. That's all I ask." I rolled my eyes and revised it, and over time her approach wore off on me and I became like her too - wanting to do my best, expecting my best.
On the road to success there are determination, real hard work, perseverance and challenges to tackle.
The attitude of others towards you is the reflection of their state of mind.
The toughness of any journey means absolutely nothing to a mind that travels with the spirit of perseverance.
The difference between impossible and possible is a willing heart.
Purpose drives the process by which we become what we are capable of being.
There's no secret on how to attain a greater height, just keep climbing the ladder, don't look at the dreadful distance, lock up that negative thoughts today, and fulfil your dreams.
God can allow you to pass through storms and get to your success. But what the devil loves to do is to make you not to realize it that the storm is over. He wishes to keep you in condemnation even at the time you have to feel liberated.
Most kinds of power require a substantial sacrifice by whoever wants the power. There is an apprenticeship, a discipline lasting many years. Whatever kind of power you want. President of the company. Black belt in karate. Spiritual guru. Whatever it is you seek, you have to put in the time, the practice, the effort. You must give up a lot to get it. It has to be very important to you. And once you have attained it, it is your power. It can't be given away; it resides in you. It is literally the result of your discipline."Now, what is interesting about this process is that, by the time someone has acquired the ability to kill with his bare hands, he has also matured to the point where he won't use it unwisely. So that kind of power has a built-in control. The discipline of getting the power changes you so that you won't abuse it.
The strength we find within ourselves gives us endurance and perseverance power.
A negative outlook is dangerous. When you say, “It can’t get any worse!” You're essentially challenging the universe to do exactly that.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow.
Just because you fail once doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything.
Go back?" he thought. "No good at all! Go sideways? Impossible! Go forward? Only thing to do! On we go!" So up he got, and trotted along with his little sword held in front of him and one hand feeling the wall, and his heart all of a patter and a pitter.
Courage doesn't always roar, sometimes it's the quiet voice at the end of the day whispering 'I will try again tomorrow
The real test of love is loving those who we feel are the hardest ones to love.
The bottom line is that no matter what you’ve experiencedin life, no matter what kind of trauma you’ve been through,no matter what bad decisions you’ve made, if you accept therealities of your situation, you can properly address them witha plan and with action.
The way I see it, if everybody ran from bad things instead of trying to stop them, bad things would be all there is.
Who would ever know the greater graces of comfort and perseverance, mercy and forgiveness, patience and courage, if no shadows fell over a life?
It is our courage which defines us, not our constraints
When life places stones in your path, be the water. A persistent drop of water will wear away even the hardest stone.
Start with a cry, end with a smile.
A lion does not flinch at laughter coming from a hyena.
It is very normal for one ugly weed to not want to stand alone.
A gorilla does not budge from a banana thrown at it by a monkey.
Katherine Mary, w'er going to know each other very well, for many years, I hope. You'll see, you'll come to understand. These big things, these terrible things, are not the important ones. If they were, how could one go on living? No, it is the small, little things that make up a day, that bring fullness and happiness to your life. Your Sergeant coming home, a good dinner, your little Mary laughing, the smell of the woods - oh, so many things, you know them yourself
Don't get mad, William," he finally said, provoking the distraught to look up at him, "I know it's hard, an' unfair, but you can't let yourself become angry. You're too nice, - too good, - if you can't at least hope for a possibility, then what happiness can you expect to have? You have to hold on to it, or else you've got nothing..." (77)
The courage to continue is the sureness of success.
Do not complain, pray for courage to endure the situation.
We will never surrender but go forward to win the game.
It is hard to begin and harder to finish.
With courage, confidence and commitment, the dream is possible.
You can achieve the goal with courage, confidence and commitment.
Passion, patient, perseverance and persistent are four keys to great achievements.
A task is only difficulty, when we not find the best strategy to get it done.
Run the race of life with all perseverance and endurance.
Life is a personal race. Run the race of life with all endurance.
If you can endure, if you can persevere, if you can work and not grow weary, if you're both obsessed and talented, well, you might have a shot.
As long as you invite faith, courage, and perseverance to become your daily companions, every test would inevitably mature into a testimony in your life.
You have to conquer every obstacle to realize the goal.
When life throws trials and tribulations towards you, shield your destiny with courage, faith and perseverance.
You have to want your dream enough to pursuit it.
Go forward and conquer any mountain on your path.
So often we quit on the first failure. We must persistent long enough to achieve success.
Failure is not defeat. It is the start of lifelong learning adventure.
In you lies the courage and perseverance to endure and conquer any battle. But the question is, are your frequent thoughts cheering for your victory or constantly focusing on your weaknesses?
Strong enough to make holes in the rock are tiny drops of water that persist to fall. Persistence is the attitude that breaks down mountains one rock at a time!
Life had been hard on this girl, Jacob, but she had enough courage for an army.
There is absolutely no difference between a dreamer and a non-dreamer, if the dreamer's dream is not accompanied with faith, courage, perseverance, patience, and consistent actions. Every dream needs some consistent actions in order to give birth to success.
When positive attitudes meet with faith, courage, consistency and perseverance, miracles tend to happen.
Before every great reward, comes the footprints of persistency, consistency, perseverance, courage, faith and patience.
The Lord doesn't always make our paths smooth sailing, but He does make it possible to rise above adversity.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
Your love is as stable as you are: It's not about how good a person makes you feel, but rather what good you can do for them.
Dreams and freedom are the same. In order for them to be, they come with a price.
The truth is real change begins with your willingness and courage to take the first step forward. Usually, the first step is the most difficult one to take. All resistances and old habits must be eliminated. Deep within you there must be determination to overcome your obstacles. To believe God has something better for you and lean on Him as you persevere.
Get better acquainted with yourself, and understand the burning ambitions that dwell within. Be brave enough to follow these. They're your dreams. Follow your dreams. They are your purpose - your purpose will fulfil you. Find it, pursue it, stop at nothing. A happier you makes a happier world.
Never give up.Never give up on your hopes.Never give up on your dreams.Never give up on your visions.
There are few overnight successes and many up-all-night successes.
Life is not about possessions, it is about purpose, perseverance and passion.
...grit grows as we figure out our life philosophy, learn to dust ourselves off after rejection and disappointment, and learn to tell the difference between low-level goals that should be abandoned quickly and higher-level goals that demand more tenacity. The maturation story is that we develop the capacity for long-term passion and perseverance as we get older.
Passion without perseveranceis fire without fuel.
You can achieve the set-goals with passion, persistent with perseverance.
My priority is not about grades. I yearn for knowledge, skills and wisdom.
Be daring, be passionate and persistently pursue your dreams.
You can do it. Go ahead and pursue your dreams.
The odds may be stacked against you. But I believe when you tap into your unique gifts and abilities, while combining them with a sense of purpose, passion, and perseverance you will not only defy those odds, you will help create a better life for yourself and rest of us.
The odds may be stacked against you. Yet, I believe, when you tap into your unique gifts and abilities, while combining them with a sense of purpose, passion, and perseverance, you will not only defy those odds, you will help create a better life for yourself and the rest of us.
It might come a time to not follow your passion, so to speak, although it must be prioritized. It may be the case that your passion will serve as the medic, your peace of mind, alongside a higher calling, with your higher calling being the point man.
Loving what you do doesn’t mean you are never going to be faced with trials. It rather means, you are highly qualified to persist, persevere and endure till the end because you are enthusiastic about seeing the joyous end.
Gratitude is uplifting and helps you glow, stay beautiful, and feel eternally young as it churns up zeal and undying enthusiasm.
All the answers i seek lie within me, but inner quietude is mandatory before those become loud and clear.
The light that colors the embraces the gods is the light that resides in your heart.
We have to believe that our prayers, if pure and powerful can transform any catastrophic situation, regardless of its magnitude.
Obstacles accelerate transformation
Every answer I seek lies within me. Any outward seeking for my answers can only take me as far as my inner self permits.
Let your light shine.
Awakening others is an impossible endeavor until I myself am awakened.
Through powerful and heartfelt communication with the universe, you can create a new world everyday-you can be proud of.
P's of life; Passionate life, Persistent life.
Never be discouraged. The fact that you will be a winner at the first attempt is unclear. You don’t get master’s degree after attending school on the first day. You got to endure till you get there.
Live each day like you are celebrating your birthday—that is what life wants for you. Engage with family and friends. Indulge in good food, music and dance. You are precious to life.
Let your faith in the Universe deepen, purify and strengthen most on your troublesome, dark days. If you close your eyes in prayer, surrendering every problem and desire, you will find a way out without fail.
From today, may you cease to exist except as an expression of the divine intention of your Creator. May you tune in to the celestial melody of love, compassion and courage each and every moment of the day. May all the relationships in your life represent the perfect opportunities to fulfill your true calling.
Faith determines your destiny, not your reality.
When we make appreciation the central theme of our value system, then all the painful elements of our past become meaningful lessons we could not have done without. Acceptance becomes natural when we become adept at finding the silver lining, even in the most challenging circumstances.
Trust life. Trust your Creator. He will not deliver you to anything but the best.
Be the light. Be the love. Not to one or two selectively, but to each person who crosses your path today and every day.
Look for excuses to celebrate others, and life will find a way to celebrate you.Make your life a prayer and be the light that touches lives far, wide and beyond.
You are beautiful, brilliant, perceptive and pure beyond compare. Your folly lies in being unaware of your inner power and living a mediocre existence.
The shift in thought frequency of a single individual has enough energy to light up the world’s lighthouses—we hold that much power within us.
Truly worthy are those who become brighter as the days get cloudier so that their light shines through, regardless of how hard the clouds are working to block their radiance.
Cherish every person and all opportunities. Have no fears, no doubts and no regrets. Focus on what you can give, not on what you can get.
Practice unfettered living from the heart, abandoning all self-imposed limitations to emerge a new, creativity unleashed, giving of yourself like never before.
Delivering everyday greatness, or not, is up to you.
Pave the path. Inspire. Make sure you are missed by the people who matter long after you have gone.
Being a messenger of love is all about caring for every person in your orbit unconditionally and ceaselessly. The harder the other person makes it for you, the more love you need to send their way.
The instant you take the lead in the tug-of-war with your ego, enlightenment becomes your state of being.
Prayer is a connection from your heart with a force that is powerful beyond measure, loves unconditionally and impartially, and embraces you whenever you turn to it.
Within you exists the same power that rests with the Universe, for you are not separate from the source you pray to.
Do not turn to prayer only in times of grief, suffering and rage. Make prayer a habit whether you are blissful or sorrowful, serene or upset, clear or confused.
A clear prayer for which you take sole responsibility has no option but to manifest, if not today or tomorrow, then the day after that.
Make gratitude a habit you indulge in each night.
When in prayer, there is no need to implore, beg or repeat. You have been heard, and your wishes will be granted perfectly at the right time. Relax, be patient and do not fret.
The power to accomplish the life of your dreams rests with none other than you. Whatever holds you back is also within you.
You have been called. Know that. Understand that. Imprint it deep in your heart and set out on your mission in whatever way you can, here and now! The world is waiting for you.
If today is the last day of your life, the one thing you want to say is that you showed up for life. You showed up for your dreams. You showed up for the people who mattered to you. And above all, you showed up for yourself.
Be thankful for all you gain. Be thankful for what you lose, too. Find a reason each day to celebrate your life.
Our eternal existence depends not on how much we have, or the network and power structure we have attained, and definitely not on our title or accomplishments at work. It depends on how much courage we exhibit in difficult times, the number of people we bring a smile to, and our sincerity at work, home and in society.
The theory of karma exists not to bring fear to your heart but to ensure you do not lose hope and give up at the first obstacle that hits your path.
Be open to surrendering all preconceived notions, well-thought-out plans and annual to-do lists.
Success is not about getting it right the first time but about not giving up even if it takes a lifetime of effort.
Success is for those who are persistent in the face of reality. The harsher the truth, the stronger they hold on to their dreams.
Prayer elevates and transforms you. Nourish your soul using this powerful communication tool every day, and you will never be the same again.
Life is beautiful. Like a beautiful blue wave, it ebbs and flows, sometimes gushing forth and sometimes receding quietly.
Live gratefully. Express it constantly. Expect abundance.
Gratitude heals, cleanses and purifies.
You are enough exactly as you are, whether you believe it or not.
Find your ‘why’. Give your life meaning.
Where love is absent, violence is a glaring possibility. Introduce love into any situation and violence gradually evaporates.
Join hands with other protagonists of love and peace and become a love commander.
The canvas of your life can reflect infinite beauty depending on the colors you opt to splash on it.
You matter. Your heart matters.
Whatever you do, listen for your inner voice. Do not ignore it.
The key to finding your mission lies in listening to your heart and dancing to its beat.
Somewhere there is a drummer calling to you too, and playing your special beat.
You have been crafted with utmost care and creativity by your Creator. There is none other like you in the world.
Imagination, persistence, perseverance, and trust transform dreams into reality.
With persistent focus, commitment and enthusiasm, your dream will be reality.
You have to conquer every mountain to realize the dream.
The trouble with poetry is it's often written to the sound of a drum only the poet may hear; nonetheless, blessed are those poets who always manage to find unshakeable pleasure in their own works.
Dreams become reality through faith and perseverance.
The key to achieving desired results and gaining freedom from unwanted feelings lies within you.
You don’t need to fight situation. You must only adjust, adapt and advance.
Don't give up on your dreams.
You have the grace to overcome any obstacle. Be strong in heart and in spirit!
If one door is closed, find another open door.
By the grace of God, I will finish what I have started.
Don’t be victim of circumstances but be victorious.
If only you are patient, you will overcome any situation.
Reach with all your heart to your divine-dreams.
With self-confidence and self-commitment, you will realise your dream.
I dare travel on a destiny defined path.
If you fail, don’ quit.Try again, and again but with much enthusiasm and continuous effort.You will soon master the art and skills needed to succeed.
You should persist long enough to conquer.
Don’t quit when you encounter an obstacle.
With determined spirit you can overpower any difficulty.
What needs to be done must be done. With grace, it will be done.
Self-determination is self-reliance.
With patient and perseverance, the mountain is conquered.
You ought to conquer the obstacle to achieve the goal.
How could we have achieved the set-goal, without endurance to the end?
Do not quit. Hang on the wings of hope.
In the midst of the turbulence, we hang onto hope.
Is there any life without any difficulty?
Failure is not the end of life. It is the beginning of a greater success, if thy will persist.
We find the greatest happiness for every challenge we conquered.
When banana's don't work, try a cookie.
Life makes two promises, one, it promises to be good, and two, it promises to be bad. Cherish the good and be strong during the bad.
Never stop trying. Never stop believing. Never give up. Your day will come.
One bulb at a time. There was no other way to do it. No shortcuts--simply loving the slow process of planting. Loving the work as it unfolded. Loving an achievement that grew slowly and bloomed for only three weeks each year.
Ten greatest gifts; love, joy, peace, patience, long-suffering, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control.
They said that you would never make it, but you did. They said that you would quit, but you persevered and fought through every obstacle that came your way. They said that you didn’t have what it takes, but you proved them ALL wrong. Not only do you have success, but you have peace and joy within. You never compromised your character and you tackled everything with dignity. You didn’t allow any challenges to discourage you, because you knew all along that there was a winner in you. You doubted yourself at times, but you didn’t allow anything or anybody to keep you down. You made it! Be proud of your accomplishments! Enjoy all of the benefits from your hard work and dedication!
I fall down I get up I fall down And the while I keep dancing.
You can curse the sun a thousand times, but cannot keep it from shining, even for a day.
You cannot drown a fish in the ocean, no matter how deep you sink it.
Be like stars; when darkness tries to stop you from shining, shine all the more.
Light cannot hide its beauty, not even in darkness.
A storm is an artist who passes by on her way to paint your rainbow.
A tree does not stop growing because the wind blew off a few of its leaves.
One does not become a great swimmer by swimming in shallow waters.
Always let your talent and tenacity do the talking. Never your tantrums or sense of self righteousness or entitlement. For it is your talent and tenacity that will carve out, shape and seal your possibilities and destiny.
if the storm of life gives you a big blow, don't worry, just give it a great smile and pursue to leave distinctive footprints with perseverance and tenacity regardless of how arduous the errand may be. It may not be so easy but, dare to win!
Comfort blindfolds; difficulty brings realization.Pain reveals; disappointments plant trigger of actions.Fear controls; ignorance deceives.Anger torments; silence keeps.Misunderstanding divides; love joins.Laughter starts; deception suspects.Frowning cautions; sorrow remembers.Purposefulness moves; idleness wastes.When you live in comfort, ponder.When you live in pain, take lessons.When life goes up, plant your feet and appreciate the height.When life goes down, envision the height and dare to get there with tenacity. Life is how you take and manage things. Be a manager of things or things shall be your manager
In the moment of decision, may you hear the voice of the Creator saying, ‘This is right road, travel on it.
It is easy to give up than to endure. Always choose the latter.
You need to make effort and commit time to do what you love.
Any training is initially difficult, but with persistence practice, we can master the art.
I see any difficulty as an adventure.
The pursuit of our dreams is not without any difficulty. Those who triumph have learn’t to overcome the difficulty.
You have to be enthusiastic enough to do what is required for achieving your dreams and goals.
May your find strength to pursue your dreams.
Dare to overcome life difficulties to fulfil your dreams.
I am mission and must complete it.
The gift of the moments and its lessons prepares us for a better tomorrow.
All great people had critics, but they still believe in beauty of their dreams.
Be strong and courageous, along unfamiliar paths, God will guide you.
Perspective and perseverance are carved by time and constructed by wisdom.
Diligence, hard work, perseverance, excellence are the values that will make us have developed society.
You see, I have come to believe in self-help, individual initiative, the love of what you do, and the full development of all individuals. I am constantly disappointed by how little we expect of ourselves and of the world.
The crazy creatives are the creatives who never go completely mad. They aren't so easily disheartened by the seemingly endless amounts of scrutiny that creative individuals tend to receive because they, like insanity, are the ones who feed off of opposition and negative feedback and manage to continue along with a healthy ambition. It is the crazy that teaches us to use our gifts wisely and own all the attackers.
From Orient PointThe art of living isn't hard to muster:Enjoy the hour, not what it might portend.When someone makes you promises, don't trust herunless they're in the here and now, and just herwilling largesse free-handed to a friend.The art of living isn't hard to muster:groom the old dog, her coat gets back its luster;take brisk walks so you're hungry at the end.When someone makes you promises, don't trust herto know she can afford what they will cost herto keep until they're kept. Till then, pretendthe art of living isn't hard to muster.Cooking, eating and drinking are a clusterof pleasures. Next time, don't go round the bendwhen someone makes you promises. Don't trust herpast where you'd trust yourself, and don't adjust herwords to mean more to you than she'd intend.The art of living isn't hard to muster.You never had her, so you haven't lost herlike spare house keys. Whatever she opens,when someone makes you promises, don't. Trust yourart; go on living: that's not hard to muster.
Let me tell your something. I'm from Chicago. I don't break.
There is a tree. At the downhill edge of a long, narrow field in the western foothills of the La Sal Mountains -- southeastern Utah. A particular tree. A juniper. Large for its species -- maybe twenty feet tall and two feet in diameter. For perhaps three hundred years this tree has stood its ground. Flourishing in good seasons, and holding on in bad times. "Beautiful" is not a word that comes to mind when one first sees it. No naturalist would photograph it as exemplary of its kind. Twisted by wind, split and charred by lightning, scarred by brushfires, chewed on by insects, and pecked by birds. Human beings have stripped long strings of bark from its trunk, stapled barbed wire to it in using it as a corner post for a fence line, and nailed signs on it on three sides: NO HUNTING; NO TRESPASSING; PLEASE CLOSE THE GATE. In commandeering this tree as a corner stake for claims of rights and property, miners and ranchers have hacked signs and symbols in its bark, and left Day-Glo orange survey tape tied to its branches. Now it serves as one side of a gate between an alfalfa field and open range. No matter what, in drought, flood heat and cold, it has continued. There is rot and death in it near the ground. But at the greening tips of its upper branches and in its berrylike seed cones, there is yet the outreach of life. I respect this old juniper tree. For its age, yes. And for its steadfastness in taking whatever is thrown at it. That it has been useful in a practical way beyond itself counts for much, as well. Most of all, I admire its capacity for self-healing beyond all accidents and assaults. There is a will in it -- toward continuing to be, come what may.
What cannot be cured must be endured.
Value those whose capabilities are insurmountable you yourself possess the same strength....there's NO value in clowns! Believe and overcome!
Do not focus on the problem. Pray for strength to persevere.
Pray for strength to preserve.
People try to use your past against you not realizing you were using it to propel you.
the strongest backs bear the heaviest burdens
Anyone who crawls up from the gutter and makes something of themselves, despite the odds and despite others who tried to keep them down, must always be very proud of their achievements. They must never forget the struggles they went through, because they are a living example to those who wander in darkness, a staunch reminder that light is within reach if they can find the strength and determination to keep going.
Arise in mighty strength to pursue your dream.
Arise in mighty strength and pursue your dream.
You can get through the storm with your hope in Jesus.
When we no longer have the strength to keep on walking, God will carry us. His strength is enough for you and I.
I have a thing for things that last.
Sometimes we have to dig a little deeper, to reach a little higher.
The power of the Will in a man, is favoured by the Heavens. The man who sets his Heart and Word onto something, and says "I will" no matter what obstacle is placed in his way— joins the ranks of the demi-gods. All else remain in mortality and are soon forgotten.
Determination in spite of the challenge makes us stronger.
Darkness had fallen upon everything for him; but just because of this darkness he felt that the one guiding clue in the darkness was his work, and he clutched it and clung to it with all his strength.
Living is getting knocked down time and again, then standing up time and again, and once more. It's easy to act honorable when things are coming along and all your pastures are green. Plenty difficult when the ground is dried and burned and people have connived to take even that from you. I'll sell this place, or I'll lose it. I'll go on. People who don't have hard times aren't living.
You may bend, but that will not bring your life to an end. Your refusal to give up is the key; your rose flowers blossom from the thorns of life!
When you see someone on top, look away and don't try to bring him down, because he may someday help you reach the top.
I'd give up being a bitch, but I'm not a quitter.
When you start loving yourself and respecting your time and energy, things will change. Get to know your worth, and your value will go up.
Success does not often arrive by miracle or magic but through perseverance and practice.
Graduate study is an intensive education. You have to be diligent and determined from the beginning to the very end.
If you lose one battle, don’t give up. Get up again, you have a war to win.
In the long run most short cuts are flawed - especially on journeys to 'so-called' success
Authority to dream is not given, it is taken. Take it. Do not let the judgment of others be the final word. Without a doubt, if there is a one-word, one-step cure for bad peg moments, that word is perseverance. Let that be your final word.
Failure is not the opposite of success, inaction is.
PATH TO SUCCESS: DREAM. PLAN. DO. FAIL. NEVER GIVE UP. FAIL. NEVER GIVE UP. FAIL. NEVER GIVE UP. ACHIEVE! IT'S A MESSY JOURNEY.
When you give up, you are giving others control of your destiny.When you choose not to give up, you take control of your destiny.
The brevity of life is the grace to walk on your own path.
No matter how long the journey takes, don’t give up. Keep travelling onwards.
What lies ahead is often unknown. But keep traveling.
The obstacles were intended to be a distraction from the goal.You must keep a persistence focus to realise the goal.
Stop believing the false hope that "if it’s meant to be” it will happen. If that were true, everyone would be content, wealthy, fit and have great relationships. You must plan, act, persevere, make better choices, know your value and never, ever accept less than you truly deserve. It's not up to chance, it's up to you.
Man is adept at navigating the globe and beyond - yet doubt finding his own destiny
It’s good to remember that success may be just beyond the next failure, and you’ll get there, not because you’re destined to, but because you’re determined to.
Patience is the antidote to the restless poison of the Ego. Without it we all become ego-maniacal bulls in china shops, destroying our future happiness as we blindly rush in where angels fear to tread. In these out-of-control moments, we bulldoze through the best possible outcomes for our lives, only to return to the scene of the crime later to cry over spilt milk.
The Lack of perseverance and effort isn't called Destiny !
Don’t be afraid to do weird stuff, so long as you do it cheaply and cover everyone’s bets. Be bold. Be stupid, if you have to: so long as you don’t hurt anybody, what’s it matter how dopey your dream is? If I hadn’t made TUSK? If I’d let it die as a podcast? I wouldn’t have three other movies I’m now making within the span of a year. Some folks will try to shame you for trying something outside the norm; the only shame is in not trying to accomplish your dreams.
Waiting patiently for the fatest bone is a dog's lifestyle.
The show must go on, and so must The Book.
Thankfully, perseverance is a great substitute for talent.
In fact, most of us see perseverance as a distinctly uncreative approach, the sort of strategy that people with mediocre ideas are forced to rely on.
The reward is in the middle of hard work for a reason.
Use the dirt life throws at you to plant the seeds of your success.
If you run a hundred miles in your heart, you are ready to run a hundred miles on your feet.
Pain in the wilderness is an investment in pleasure in the Promised Land.
Rising amateurs always intimidate falling masters.
Our most beautiful dreams are born from our most unpleasant nightmares.
Today’s caterpillars are tomorrow’s butterflies.
Small caterpillars still become big butterflies.
To climb great mountains you need feet of faith.
When you pray for a rainbow you pray for rain too.
To walk in the footsteps of the great, put on their shoes.
Future dreams distract you from present nightmares.
Paying the price for your dreams proves you can afford them.
Your deepest valleys lead you to your highest mountaintops.
The greater the pressure the brighter the diamond.
Fortune draws her breath through cracks that make coarse the route on which we march to success
The greater the humiliation, the greater the accolades.The greater the opposition, the greater the triumph.The greater the pain, the greater the blessing.The greater the loss, the greater the gain.The greater the danger, the greater the glory.
You were given the problems you have because you can solve them.You were given the burdens you have because you can carry them.You were given the trials you have because you can overcome them.You were given the opponents you have because you can beat them.You were given the enemies you have because you can conquer them.
They said you would fall,but were surprised when you were rising.The said you would fail,but were surprised when you were succeeding.They said you would break,but were surprised when you kept it together.The said you would deteriorate,but were surprised when you were flourishing.
Stand up.Stand out.Stand firm.Stand strong.
Dream with all of your mind.Work with all of your heart.Persevere with all of your strength.Succeed with all of your soul.
Perfectionists are patient,the diligent are persevering,and the relentless are successful.
I can conquer my fears.I can overcome my weaknesses.I can master my failures.I can survive my disappointments.I can beat my obstacles.I can endure my trials.I am strong.I am able.I am gifted.I am special.I am exceptional.
If your dreams are priceless, they are worth more than your pain.
Be strong and take action to achieve your dream.
You can actually overcome all the limitations of life and achieve your dreams, if you don't give up too early.
We are only failures in life when give up and stop trying.If you fail, get up and try again.
Listen to people from your heart, as if your life depended on it, and you will find that in turn people will listen to you with all of theirs.
The choices you make from this day forward will lead you, step by step, to the future you deserve.
Spend your time designing the greatest reputation a man could possess.
What you deserve will be down to you, and you alone.
Destiny and fate are of one’s own making, and riches and happiness are rarely found at the end of an easily-traversed path.
Make sure everyone, who works with you or for you, feels the need to tell others about the incredible experience.
Adopt the positive in everything you do, for there will always be positivity there to find, if that is what you seek.
Keep trying no matter how many times you have failed.If you fail, try, try again.Never stop trying.You success will come unexpected.
That which is currently beyond your capabilities now, does not have to be so forever
My intention was, only, ever to help you see the light shining brightly in front, and inside, of you.
Tell your good news as an evangelist would. Do so with a passion driven by a need to help and solve problems that some people didn’t even know they had.
Embrace the fundamentals like the closest of friends, for they will be the foundation of your future success.
Whilst people have answered questions, I have only heard my own voice thinking of the next question.
I was so sure that I knew what they needed and what I wanted to sell them that I never stopped long enough to find out what it was they wanted to buy.
In this world of half-jobs and liars, I will prevail.
I have discovered fallen trees across my path and have possessed neither the strength to move them nor the patience or tenacity to find an alternative way round. I have simply returned to where I came from, and told myself there had been no other choice.
Finding happiness by delivering it.
Everything would have been for nothing just because I simply didn’t listen.
I should become happier at what I do and leave others happier than before they’d met me.
Speaking from the heart is simple. Listening wholeheartedly, however, is much, much more difficult and most rare.
You must have realised by now that when one really cares, really tries to help, the other party recognises the fact and, therefore, easily sees the logic in working together for the greater good, for the mutual benefit of both.
You’ve got to be driven to become successful.
What is the true cost of a purchasing decision that goes wrong?
In the past, I have all too often listened without hearing, asking questions when I had no intention of hearing the answer or understand my customer’s requirements.
Like an ant, I will find my way round any obstacle. Like a child, I will persevere with pinpoint focus.
I will not let those, who cannot recognise how I can be of service, dissuade me from showing them how I can help.
I will look the part. I will act the part. I will deliver that which I have promised to deliver.
Like the evangelist, I will shine with the light I have been shown, recognise that I have the ultimate solution for all my prospects, nurture that feeling deep within, and repeat the words to myself every day, until there is no doubt in my mind that keeping such good news hidden would be the very worst type of sin.
I will design myself a reputation, in which prospects can place their trust, and customers return to and recommend.
I will design my reputation and my resolve shall be absolute. I shall not give in when I know I can help.
It saddens me to note that there will always be con artists and charlatans in the world. Men who aim to fool the public by clothing themselves in the robes of experts.
Listening is a discipline. It’s all about being present at that moment in time.
I want you to start realising how far away you are from being able to listen professionally.
You listen like an amateur and fool yourself into believing it is enough when it is not.
Sceptics are persuaded by a good reputation, for it is an unspoken statement of proof.
Reputation is the panacea for those who lack confidence in their own decisions.
How we feel about those we give our business to is of vital importance.
Who would be willing to put up with less than the desired result, if they could afford to have it done properly?
The confidence felt, when dealing with genuine reputation, often outweighs the simplicity of price.
In the past, I have bargained myself away, believing that price was more important than cost, quality, reliability, or reputation. In the past, I was clearly wrong.
I need a first-class reputation
In this world there are those who enjoy giving people balloons and there are those who take great pleasure in popping them. And I wish to be remembered as being firmly in the first party.
If you woke before dawn one morning with the formula for a vaccine, which would cure the most ghastly disease currently known to man, releasing millions from an agonising death, would you roll over and resume sleeping until daylight?
There can be no success in sales without tenacity.
Seeking those elusive individuals is like mining for rare gems. It will take hard work, patience, and a persistent attitude. To find that rich seam of colourful stones, you will have to chip through dirt and rock. You will have to learn how to hold rubble in your hands and see the fortune inside.
It is your duty to save these prospects from that disappointment. Every potential customer, who misses out on what you have to offer, due to your lack of zeal or passion, every prospect who ends up with an excuse of an alternative from your lacklustre competition, should rest heavy on your conscience.
Sometimes, if you get too close to a subject you can miss what’s most important.
Young man, your problem and the reason so many like you fail, is simply because you allow yourself to give up far too early.
Fascinatingly resilient the tenacity of a child. Not yet conditioned by society to give up when instructed to do so.
If you honestly know how you help people, then you should become passionate about sharing it, spread the good news, give everyone a chance to share in the solutions that you can provide.
From today onward, you will learn how to become evangelical about the many ways you help people.
His belief is so passionate that it fills him with the burning desire to share his fabulous news with anyone who will listen. He is concerned that it is us that might be missing out, not him. His faith in a single road to salvation and paradise is so intense, that it would be ungodly not to share the good news with all those who are not aware.
This is how you must be. You must become as evangelical about your promised outcome as he is about his. You must believe that you, and you alone, have the solution to your prospects problems. Even if they do not recognise those problems themselves.
Think upon the numbers I have been sharing with you. Of your competitors, five out of ten will do little more than take their customer's money immorally. A further three out of ten will leave them dissatisfied.
You should feel so driven to help the world that it would weigh you down if a single person received anything but the best.
And so it must be with the energy you muster for your own work. Get out there and convert the unconverted. Save them all from the charlatans and the nearly-men.
Understand why you are different and how you help, recognise your target market, and give them something they might not even realise they are missing.
The Swimmer's Advantage:1)The goal is measured first by seeing; The distance is accomplished by the strategy of believing that the same set of repetitious acts will get them there.2)Even when the elements around you are overwhelming, have the confidence to keep your head the above water. 3) Though at times you may not even see it, faith is knowing that the shore is always straight ahead. 4) By consistently reaching out over and over, you are bound to be rewarded by touching something worth more than when you started.
Perseverance is the enemy of doubt.
The future is bright like a shining diamond.
Things happen, and nothing is for sure, but you just have to keep going, believing that one day, you'll find something that is.
Sometimes the greatest thing we can ask ourselves is “Why not me?” Anyone who has ever accomplished anything worth while has either verbalized or internalized this question. The beauty of the answer is that it completely depends on us. We are all innately capable of doing incredible and wonderful things. Having confidence in who we are starts with asking “Why not me?” So my friends…Why not you? ~Jason Versey
The thought that you will become a master in something after the first attempt is neither here nor there. You don't get master's degree by attending school on the first day of your life! Time will tell, so you got to persist!
What our Heavenly Father wants us to do about our spiritual failures is like what our earthly father wants us to do about our earthly failures. When we fall off the horse, or the bike, or the high road to Heaven, we must simply climb on again as soon as we are aware of the fact that we have fallen off, rather than sitting there stewing in self-pity or self-hatred.
To make 2013 (or any other)your year, keep it simple:1) Count your blessings first2) Whatever you did last year, Do it better3) Go step by step, One day at a time.4) Create/make your own opportunities.5) Believe in your abilities at all times,6) Qutting is not an option. Keep Going.7) Finish what you started
I go dreaming into the future, where I see nothing, nothing. I have no plans, no idea, no project, and, what is worse, no ambition. Something – the eternal ‘what’s the use?’ – sets its bronze barrier across every avenue that I open up in the realm of hypothesis.
Life is a battle, so do not give up fighting.
Magically, hopelessness gives rise to profound hope.
I will not say, as the beggars at our door used to do, ‘I’ll never ask anything of Him again;’ but, on the contrary, ‘He shall hear oftener from me than ever,’ and I will love God the better, and love prayer the better, as long as I live.
Prayer unaccompanied by perseverance leads to no result.
There is something in us that fears prayer as a maggot fears light. We must do violence to this voice, for it is not ourselves. It is our Enemy.
We fail to prevail with unconverted men because of our more fundamental failure to prevail with God in prayer.
Patient endurance is the greatest life survival skills.
You ought to endure and complete your own race of life.
Embrace what is, steer toward what may yet be.
The gift of life, gives you the greatest opportunity to live and chance to rise above any situation. With hopeful attitude you can overcome any struggle.
It is never easy to endure pain nor uncomfortable situation. It is seems easy to quit to avoid the pain.If you quit you will suffer later. It is far better to endure the pain now and enjoy later. Life is all about endurance.
Opportunity is another word for moving on. And it is a word choice, which is often the wiser. If the well gets poisoned, move to a meadow of merriment, where your hearts will echo the more.
For him I was like the land, something to care for...well, he loved to make things grow. But he resembled the land more than me. He needed constant cultivation, or the fruit turned wild.
On athleticism, God knows no favor. It seems rather he is in the business of teaching winners how to lose and losers how to win.
We should keep learning so long as we have grace and breathe.
While there may be various tips, pointers, ingredients, and strategies to success, there is no one formula that always guarantees it other than to keep learning from failure itself.
Perseverance is everything. We all stumbled when we took our first steps yet we were running sooner than we realized, and then we couldn’t stay still. Why stay still now?
You learn more from getting your butt kicked than getting it kissed.
To meditate is to sail a course, to navigate, among problems many of which we are in the process of clearing up. After each one looms another, whose shores are even more attractive, more suggestive. Certainly, it requires strength and perseverance to get to windward of problems, but there is no greater delight than to reach new shores, and even to sail, as Camoëns says, “through seas that keel has never cut before.” If you will now open a bank-account of attention for me, I foretell sun-smitten landscapes and promise archipelagoes.
Stars shine even for those who refuse to look up.
I have seen the light in the wilderness and I must follow it.
Here is a boy who was waiting to be punished. But then, unexpectedly,he ¯nds that his fault has been overlooked or forgiven and at once the worldreappears in brilliant colors, full of delightful prospects. Here is a soldier whowas waiting, with a heavy heart, to su®er and die in battle. But suddenlythe luck has changed. There is news! The war is over and everyone burstsout singing! He will go home after all! The sparrows in the plowland werecrouching in terror of the kestrel. But she has gone; and they °y pell-mell upthe hedgerow, frisking, chattering and perching where they will.
Believe be and strong enough in virtues like character, faithfulness, hard work, dignity of labor, diligence, excellence, perseverance, truth, responsibility, delayed gratification, contentment, trust, integrity and stop looking for miracles.
Could our plodding, our daily persevering through a life we didn't expect, don't want and didn't choose, actually bring blessing?
The moment you learn the lesson, the test will be over.
God will only push you off a cliff if He's going to give you wings to fly.
The soul's hands carry the heart's burdens.
The greatest privileges:You are saved.You are a child of Most High God.You are co-heirs with Christ.You share in Christ suffering, life adversities.You share in Christ glory, strength of will and survival of life's difficulties.
God's grace grant us immeasurable ability to overcome adversity of any type.
Sometimes what seems so right turns out wrong and what seems so wrong turns out right. What do I call this phenomenon? Life.
Love is without a doubt the laziest theory for the meaning of life, but when it actually comes a time to do it we find just enough energy to over-complicate life again. Any devil can love, whom he himself sees as, a good person who has treated him well, but to love also the polar opposite is what separates love from fickle emotions.
It's impossible to sprint into the providential arms of what is ahead...if we continue to trip on what is behind.
Beloved, it's impossible to sprint into the providential arms of what is ahead...if we continue to trip on what is behind.
Beloved,it's impossible to sprint into the providential arms of what is ahead...if we continue to trip on what is behind.
Grief—in all of its agony—burrowed deep into her essence, its serrated edges killing her piece by piece.
Self-love, self-confident and self-determination.
We endure hardships by God’s grace.
No success was won without enthusiasm and perseverance.
Replace the word can’t with can. Know that you can, believe that you can, and know will ALL of your heart that you will. You will succeed in spite of any obstacles that may try to hinder you! There’s so much power in having a positive attitude, positive mindset, and positive outlook.
How could we have unearth our greatest potential without adversity?
Keep learning, keep learning!
You have got what it takes to live your dreams.
The road to success is longer than you'd like, but shorter than you imagine.
Whoever is present in your spring would more than likely have respected your winter.
I don't know how to do it today, but I will know how to do it tomorrow and do it.
No matter what the odds say, be even with who you truly are.
The deeper the difficulty in fulfilling a dream, the brighter the outcome of its fulfillment and the sweeter the celebration thereof. Persist to the end; don't give up!
When you come across an excellent invention, what it should tell you is that someone used most of his sleeping time as his thinking time... and he kept doing the same until his good became better and his better became the best!
When resistance closes the door against you, remember that persistence holds the key. Don't give up too early; insist to endure to the end... You will never regret it!
The success gate is far at the end of the long failure corridor. Keep moving no matter how many potholes you step into. You will get there with time!
The chance that you will become a master in something after the first attempt is neither here nor there. You don't get master's degree by attending school on the first day! Time will tell, so you got to persist!
When you complain, you explain pain for no gain. Endure and balance yourself through the pain, be hopeful and persist to the end.
When you get a pinch and decide to give up, you will get a cut when you eventually do so. The consequences of giving up are more harmful than the causes. Just don’t give up!
You may work with 100% capacity every day and may not be seen by anybody for recommendation. This does not mean you should give up! The day you will decide to work at 40% may be the day you'll be seen by the person who is meant to recommend you for higher profile opportunities!
There is an easy way to silence your critics; just try to do what they say you can't do. If they are still not content, do more of it! Keep doing it until you become a master. Then look around, and you will see fewer critics and many compliments!
Many people who became successful were once first time global failures. But because they didn't give up on their dreams, failure could not sink them. They triumphed at last!
Whoever dare dream, must do much activity to realize the dream.
With patient, you will get what you must have.
Hard work precedes great success.
Those not chasing their dreams should stay out of the way of those who are.
We make a lot of detours, but we're always heading for the same destination
The thing with giving up is you never know. You never know whether you could have done the job. And I'm sick of not knowing about my life.
Few of us would regret the years it takes to complete an education or master a crucial skill. So why complain about the perseverance needed to become a well-balanaced and truly compassionate human being?
Few of us would regret the years it takes to complete an education or master a crucial skill. So why complain about the perseverance needed to become a well-balanced and truly compassionate human being?
I guess my biggest problem is that I find it easier to relapse than to carry through.
When you follow the right steps you will never get lost.
I know you’re tired…but this is your time, Laney. Claim your power. Make everything…from the beginning until the end…make it all count.
When I was younger, my mom loved to garden. But the flowers would never grow. She kept planting seeds even thought nothing would grow. She just kept trying.''I don't understand.''Because you can't.''What does this have to do with anything?'I don't fiddle with my fingers and there's no apology on the tip of my tongue when I say, 'I am my mother's son.
Thousands of hopeful days came to naught before this one. This was a golden day. Never give up.
Love has no demand of us but to keep practicing, to do the next hard thing. Love says, Come dear. Take the next step.
A small tree with large roots will last longer than a large tree with small roots.
You can’t just run away from uncomfortable situation. You have to develop new strategy to graciously handle the situation.
You must see challenges as virtues of opportunities for personal development. You will then have the strength to overcome the challenge.
We can't help but rejoice despite the circumstance.
Those 10000 days in prison, but this never made Nelson Mandela to leave what he was doing. He loved what he did and he would repeat to again if he had been arrested again and imprisoned again! He has his bigger picture in view!
No age of life is inglorious. Youth has its merits, but living to a ripe old age is the true statement of value. Aging is the road that we take to discern our character. Fame and fortune can elude us, but character is immortal. We must encounter a sufficient variety of experiences including both failures and accomplishments in order to gain nobility of character.
It is silly to think they all achieved it "just like that". nothing in life is so easy, that is a fact.Behind the scenes were tears and pain,they stumbled and fell but got up again. They heard a voice, firm and true"Muster yourself you'll make it through"Steadied by a hand they arose to dancein the turmoil and storm with perseverance At the end, it came upon them; a light so brightsuccess was theirs: it was their right!
When one door shuts... sometimes it's best to leave it shut, and move on...
Like all living things, you were created for unlimited growth and possibilities. Keep growing. Keep changing. Be everything you were meant to be.
Live through it or grow from it.
When I remove the layers that say I can’t, I discover a burning ember that says I should, I can, and I will.
I have no idea what to do, and everything is starting to feel dangerously hopeless. Hopelessness is not an emotion to be indulged. On the heels of hopelessness comes defeat, and even though everything seems pointless and impossible, I still want to win. Underneath my confusion and utter, bone-crushing fatigue, even though I don't know much of anything at all, I still know I want to win.
An anomaly has his own ambitions. You can try reasoning with him, but that's like using money to bribe a beast.
Raging fires grow from the tiniest spark; it is the same principle at work in life. As long as there's a spark, tend to your fire. Never give up.
A steadfast heart does not stray from the path.
Push yourself to the brink of exhaustion into the crossroads of excitement and anxiety. Embrace the risks taken, and never acknowledge the shadows of doubt that stretch across your path. It is only there where you will discover a personal success that exceeds the pictures painted in your dreams
To many people fall short of their goals because they mistakenly believe that losing is just another comfortable place to sit.
There are always periodic opportunities to give up, while every single moment is an opportunity to persevere.
True, luck may rule over parts of a person's life and luck may cast patches of shadow across the ground of our being, but where there's a WILL-- much less a strong will to swim thirty laps or run twenty kilometers -- there's a way to overcome most any trouble with whatever stepladders you have around.
Conclude that your are worth achieving beyond your expectations
Whatever you do in your life, always go the distance.
The best way to reach your destination is to just keep going until you get there.
You go on. You set one foot in front of the other, and if a thin voice cries out, somewhere behind you, you pretend not to hear, and keep going.
Hope is a fruit of proven character.
I know that suffering is one place where He ministers to us the most. So to think that we've had our quota would be foolish. I am just longing for the day when all the pain stops.
My personal definition of confidence is to keep believing that the stars in the solar system are actually watching and applauding you.
The elevator to success broke a long time ago, the problem is too many people are too lazy to take the stairs.
It is easy to smile in the face of a challenge, when we believe in ourselves that we won't back down.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Keep passing the open windows.
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.
All of old. Nothing else ever. Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
I am not concerned that you have fallen -- I am concerned that you arise.
Giving up is the only sure way to fail.
Remember the two benefits of failure. First, if you do fail, you learn what doesn't work; and second, the failure gives you the opportunity to try a new approach.
Personal struggles, mistakes, and perseverance are part of every person’s life story. A proper mindset can turn failure into a gift. Specific human qualities such as intelligence and adaptive skills can be cultivated through applied effort to assist a person overcome a resounding failure. Each person would be wise to ask how does a person cope – grapple – with failure? We derive strength from our struggles.
You may face many disappointments. But don’t lose hope.
Persevering is not often simply a matter of working hard and refusing to quit; often, by trying again, failing again, and failing better, we inadvertently place ourselves in the way of luck.
You should be patient to wait for what you want.
And sometimes it doesn't matter how hard you try, how persuasive you can be, how much skill you have... you can't have everything. Sometimes you just can't win.""No. Sometimes you don't win." He gets to his feet, and Red stands beside him. "But I'll be damned if that's going to stop me from trying.
I’ve often said a man’s character is not judged after he celebrates a victory, but by what he does when his back is against the wall. So no matter how great the setback, how severe the failure, you never give up.
This is kind of hard to understand, but sometimes you can try so hard at something.Sometimes you can be so prepared, and still fail.
I’ve written for the waste basket so often that we’ve become friends. He writes too, but it’s mostly garbage.
Foe unvanquished, I will not perish in the field; I will be born again to take up the halberd seven more times.
The real failure is not the one who falls down, it's the one who refuses to get up.
It is the hardest thing of all, the one thing that will show if you have the one true courage. To know that you have failed, that your best efforts have been defeated, to not be able to stand it, to not be able to go on and yet to go on nonetheless.
A successful person is just a novice who started and kept on going.
For best results, apply regularly.
Start from your heart. The greatest journeys begin on the inside.
May your hope keep you joyful.
Be patient with yourself.The journey of life requires alot of patient, persistence and perseverance.
The Swimmer's Advantage:1)Your goal is measured first by seeing; The distance is accomplished by the strategy of believing that the same set of repetitious acts will get you there.2)Even when the elements around you are overwhelming, have the confidence to keep your head above the water. 3) Though at times you may not even see it, faith is knowing that the shore is always straight ahead. 4) By consistently reaching out over and over, you are bound to be rewarded by touching something worth more than when you started.
I would like to thank the people who've brought me those dark moments, when I felt most wounded, betrayed. You have been my greatest teachers.
If I let a gust of wind or a sprinkling of rain turn me aside from the easy tasks, what preparation would such sloth be for the future I propose myself?
It may take years of struggle and confession, battle and failure. The places in my life where I struggle with deadly sins are matters of a decade or more of focus, repentance, shame, and grace. I’ve traveled some long roads simply to lessen the depth of some of my failures and addictions — just to get to a place where I can receive fresh grace and encouragement.
Grappling with fate is like meeting an expert wrestler: to escape, you have to accept the fall when you are thrown. The only thing that counts is whether you get back up.
To persevere with the will to understand in the face of obstacles is the heroism of consciousness.
There is no better place as better as where God has placed you, be it good or bad, for His better reasons. Just keep calm and be humble and diligent enough to learn the better and real reasons that shall take and place you at the best place He wants to place you! If you don’t understand the lessons, ask Him for the reasons. If He answers you fine, if not, just keep going and keep learning the lessons. You shall definitely get a good understanding in the end!
A distaste for the new is not always fear of the unknown, but sometimes ambition. Some people don't like the new way simply because they never got a chance to master the old way.
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
When it comes to human success, I'm pretty sure the object doesn't need a net external force to move it.
What is greater than painIs a greater brainMore powerful than anything.
Afrikaans was the language of the white minority in South Africa, and the forced learning of it created resentment among blacks. Even so, Nelson Mandela made it a point to learn this language in prison in anticipation that it would help him lead the whole of South Africa.
To persevere is one thing, but to push on ignoring your intuition is something quite different. Self-awareness is the practice of learning the difference.
Conviction is having the mindset to never doubt your self-understanding
Our government, media houses, schools, must focus on creating a new culture in our society. A culture of work. A culture of labour. A culture of diligence. A culture of hard work. A culture of perseverance. A culture of persistence. A culture of DIGNITY OF LABOUR.
Just about the worst thing an artist can do is to try and be a nice person.
You are too important to the bigger picture to just fall off the canvas.
Between goal and success, there is one critical thing - perseverance: it is the fundamental belief to always succeed, the determination to turn goal to gold, the greatness to never give up, the foresight to dream that enables you to make it happen.
It takes self-discipline and persistence action to achieve the goal.
The P's of life: Positive, Passionate and Persistent life.
They have concluded that it is their duty to rush forward on their journey no matter what the weather; I, on the other hand, am for waiting for favourable wind and current. They are for risking all for God at the snap of a finger; I am for taking advantage of every opportunity to secure my life and estate. They are for holding to their ideas even though all the world would be against them; I, however, am for religion insofar as the times, conditions, and my safety allow it. They are for religion when walking in rags and abuse; I am for it when it walks in silver slippers, in sunshine, and with applause.
The greatest virtue is endurance.
Even if it's not appreciated, do your best. Integrity will take you further than acknowledgement.
Don't allow your problems to keep your spirit down. We all have our ups and downs in life. There is always a way out, but you must strongly believe in your ability to persevere.
It takes an enthusiastic mind to understand all the necessary steps needed to make one's dream a reality, but a lot of discipline and perseverance to stay consistent all the way through.
True winners remain winners because they truly believe that challenges, struggles, and obstacles can all lead to big blessings through persistence and perseverance.
No matter what it is that you are going through at this very moment, I encourage you to choose perseverance over discouragement. If you hang in strong long enough, sooner or later, this experience would become a thing of the past like the obstacles you defeated in the past.
Don't be discouraged when they laugh at your adversity; instead, smile at them, because through persistence, perseverance and faith, you would be laughing at their surprised faces in the future.
Perseverance is the true beginning of a life of victory.
Whatever it is that you are going through at the moment, stay strong and keep your faith alive. Through perseverance, time will surely come to your rescue.
No matter how bad things get, never allow your thoughts to convince you to settle for the way things are at the moment. If you keep pushing forward with faith and perseverance, sooner or later things could become a lot better than you desire them to be.
As long as you choose to persist and persevere, one day you would gladly look back and be very proud that you never gave up.
Vow to always persevere through your struggles, challenges, and obstacles until you arrive at the rewarding end of them.
From the fires of persecution, can come sparks of light.
Act out being alive, like a play. And after a while, a long while, it will be true.
You know you’ve come a long way when the thought of quitting scares you. You’ve made some… well, call them 'remarkable achievements', and you’ve managed to draw some attention to yourself.But SUCCESS is really not how far you’ve gone. It’s not even how well. It is how much farther you are ready to go and how much more sacrifices you are willing to make. Not until you get to the point where you are willing to give up your life for a purpose… not until you get to that point will you be celebrated.
Yours are the only shoes made to walk your journey.
I'm just a regular guy who up until a few years ago totally underestimated what I felt I was capable of. Since then my experiences have taught me that we are all capable of the extraordinary in our lives.
We can cry for years but sometimes gotta smile too.
In the learning process, a learner does encounter some difficulty. But with diligent, you will master the act.
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.
A man of character finds a special attractiveness in difficulty, since it is only by coming to grips with difficulty that he can realize his potentialities.
He whines, he complains, he ducks out of the most obvious responsibility. He is vain, petty and maddening, but he doesn't ever quit.
Affliction is a good man's shining time.
Angela Duckworth has shown how important grit and perseverance are to lifetime outcomes. College students who report that they finish whatever they begin have higher grades than their peers, even ones with higher SATs.
It is far. But there is no journey upon this earth that a man may not make if he sets his heart to it. There is nothing, Umbopa, that he cannot do, there are no mountains he may not climb, there are no deserts he cannot cross; save a mountain and a a desert of which you are spared the knowledge, if love leads him and he holds his life in his hand counting it as nothing, ready to keep it or to lose it as Providence may order.
Take time for the clearance of the mind, preparing for adherence to perseverance for the journey of another thousand miles.
People will insist on building high and wide barriers directly in your path, often with the intent of closing you in. If you treat these obstacles like fencing walls, they will prove mightily so. I choose to see them as grand towers meant to be scaled and conquered, providing an added victory as well as a great view of the journey ahead.
In South Africa, they dig for diamonds. Tons of earth are moved to find a little pebble not as large as a little fingernail. The miners are looking for the diamonds, not the dirt. They are willing to lift all the dirt in order to find the jewels. In daily life, people forget this principle and become pessimists because there is more dirt than diamonds. When trouble comes, don’t be frightened by the negatives. Look for the positives and dig them out. They are so valuable it doesn't matter if you have to handle tons of dirt.
That the loss of a man, even if he had been the love of her life, was not the end of a woman's existence.
Too often we give up due to temporal challenge.
No success was won without self- determination and self-discipline.
Weel, ma´am' said Stephen, making the best of it, with a smile; 'when I ha´finished off, I mun quit this part, and try another. Fortnet or misfortnet, a man can but try; there´s now to be done wi´out tryin -cept laying down and dying.
Brag is a good dog, but Holdfast is a better.
Our superintendence in instruction and discipline is the office of the Word, from whom we learn frugality and humility, and all that pertains to love of truth, love of humanity, and love of excellence. And so, in a word, being assimilated to God by participation in moral excellence, we must not retrograde into carelessness and sloth. But labor, and faint not.
Something very beautiful happens to people when their world has fallen apart: a humility, a nobility, a higher intelligence emerges at just the point when our knees hit the floor. Perhaps, in a way, that's where humanity is now: about to discover we're not as smart as we thought we were, will be forced by life to surrender our attacks and defenses which avail us of nothing, and finally break through into the collective beauty of who we really
There has never been any great person who never met great trials and oppositions but their patience, tenacity, endurance and perseverance saw them to the end as great people
You must dare, and dare again, and then dare a little bit more, and go on daring.
No matter how heavy the challenges we face in our life, embrace optimism, perseverance, tenacity and courage. Never lose faith and hope and a generous heart who live and breathes with a timeless love.
I had a dream about you last night... and in it you said "Chin up; it only gets harder.
There are those among us who have erred, deeply and significantly. Who have wounded the world and broken themselves. The worst of them lose themselves in their errors. The best of them crawl back, one foot at a time, and seek to amend their breaches. That is the way of the brave.
Christmas time! That man must be a misanthrope indeed, in whose breast something like a jovial feeling is not roused—in whose mind some pleasant associations are not awakened—by the recurrence of Christmas. There are people who will tell you that Christmas is not to them what it used to be; that each succeeding Christmas has found some cherished hope, or happy prospect, of the year before, dimmed or passed away; that the present only serves to remind them of reduced circumstances and straitened incomes—of the feasts they once bestowed on hollow friends, and of the cold looks that meet them now, in adversity and misfortune. Never heed such dismal reminiscences. There are few men who have lived long enough in the world who cannot call up such thoughts any day of the year. Then do not select the merriest of the three hundred and sixty-five for your doleful recollections, but draw your chair nearer the blazing fire—fill the glass and send round the song—and if your room be smaller than it was a dozen years ago, or if your glass be filled with reeking punch, instead of sparkling wine, put a good face on the matter, and empty it offhand, and fill another, and troll off the old ditty you used to sing, and thank God it’s no worse.
True inspiration unfolds itself, not by force or it becomes fake. True intuition is also the ability to be observant.
Going forward, you must adjust to the new reality, be more self directed, and learn to be productive under the reign of uncertainty, unpredictability, and unstable times.
First steps are always the hardest but until they are taken the notion of progress remains only a notion and not an achievement.
If you miss your bus, just start walking.
The more you cry today, the more stronger and happier you'll be tomorrow.
God's heart…is not that we escape our lot, but that we learn to thrive in the midst of it.
This obsession is a curious thing. Sometimes wonder about the merits of devoting so much of myself to a singular climbing objective. Much of the time it beats me down, leaves me hanging my head in despair. But then there are the moments that bring me to life. When excitement wells up inside my chest in a way that doesn’t happen in every day life. Today my fingertips were cracked and bleeding. I made no progress despite great conditions. Now I am on the ground and can hardly contain my excitement to get back on the wall. It’s a crazy rollercoaster and I owe my family and partners a great deal for encouraging me through it all.
The whitest robes, unless their purity be preserved by divine grace, will be defiled by the blackest spots.
Whatever gets you through the night
Falling in love was simple; one had only to yield. Digesting another person, however, and sustaining love, was bloody work, and not a soft job.
Don't quit. It's very easy to quit during the first 10 years. Nobody cares whether you write or not, and it's very hard to write when nobody cares one way or the other. You can't get fired if you don't write, and most of the time you don't get rewarded if you do. But don't quit.
Be original and don’t be afraid to stand out. Never downplay your capabilities. Everybody won’t believe in you and everybody won’t rejoice with you, and that’s quite alright. Self-motivation, self-love, and self-determination will guide you through. ALWAYS believe in yourself because that’s what truly matters most.
Eternal virtues like perseverance is what should be our focus and not miracles.
In the game of football, you least complain, shout, talk or blame your opponents or the referee continuously throughout the game just because of your opponents opposition, strength or antics to ensure that you lose focus and lose the game; winning the game is your true aim. Such is life! You must do all you ought to do to score your goals notwithstanding the oppositions and how life will play the game of life with you! Be a goal getter!
In my younger days dodging the draft, I somehow wound up in the Marine Corps. There's a myth that Marine training turns baby-faced recruits into bloodthirsty killers. Trust me, the Marine Corps is not that efficient. What it does teach, however, is a lot more useful.The Marine Corps teaches you how to be miserable.This is invaluable for an artist.Marines love to be miserable. Marines derive a perverse satisfaction in having colder chow, crappier equipment, and higher casualty rates than any outfit of dogfaces, swab jockeys, or flyboys, all of whom they despise. Why? Because these candy-asses don't know how to be miserable.The artist committing himself to his calling has volunteered for hell, whether he knows it or not. He will be dining for the duration on a diet of isolation, rejection, self-doubt, despair, ridicule, contempt, and humiliation.The artist must be like that Marine. He has to know how to be miserable. He has to love being miserable. He has to take pride in being more miserable than any soldier or swabbie or jet jockey. Because this is war, baby. And war is hell."Page 68
Entrepreneurship: you put one dumb foot in front of the other while the world throws bricks at your head.
Our personal stories of perseverance contain immense wisdom that can assist others in finding their way to peace and illumination during difficult times.
Never give in. Never give in. Never, never, never, never—in nothing, great or small, large or petty—never give in, except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force. Never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
A few fly bites cannot stop a spirited horse.
The Impossible is Always Possible
The will is your most important asset. If you lose it, you have lost everything.
When failure is hard to take, pain becomes unbearable and you don’t see any way out. Hang on there, its darkest hour that indicates the advent of light.
It was as simple as walking and as hard as walking on with so far gone and so far yet to go.
I resolve to do my very best in everything.
That’s the key to walking through the Wall.... You have to first see it as not being a Wall, even though everyone you know still sees it as a Wall.
When I was younger, my mom loved to garden. But the flowers would never grow. She just kept trying.''I don't understand.''Because you can't.''What does this have to do with anything?'I don't fiddle with my fingers and there's no apology on the tip of my tongue when I say, 'I am my mother's son.
Earnestly and persistently pursue your dreams.
Take a chance and risk it all or play it safe and suffer defeat.
You have to be determined on your quest for the fulfilment you need, and while you struggle, living and searching, carry a determined face, heart and spirit more than your inner perseverance.When you're earnestly searching for a job or something valuable in thriving on this life, let determination be your mindset. Have that creativity, resourceful spirit, inquisitive behaviour and resilience matching your gut to succeed in your search.
So, you’ve failed many times at many things. That’s okay! Learn, grow, and move forward. With the right attitude and mindset, you can learn a lot from failure. Pay attention and keep on striving! You’ve got this!
The P's of life:Passion, Persistence, Perseverance.
Do not let the fear of unknown deter you from trying.Keep trying until you succeed.
Never be afraid to offer a smile; sure the risk is that a few foolish people may misinterpret your kindness as weakness, but the reward in their error be that at least they cannot blame you because you did show your teeth.
Maybe someday, if I succeed at something, I'll stop saying, "It isn't fair" about everything else.
I'm trying to ruin it!" Will had bellowed back. "So I can figure out how to do it perfectly! How can you learn anything if you won't take risks?
You can only kill disappointment with a new try.
You don’t have to wait for a storm to pass to paint your own rainbow.
When they try to judge you,remember, they themselves are judged.When they try to condemn you,remember, they themselves are condemned.When they try to break you,remember, they themselves are broken.When they try to hurt you,remember, they themselves are hurting.
Difficult situations create exploitable opportunities for those strong enough to persevere.
I dreamed my shoulders held up the sky for a thousand hawks that squawked and cawed and beat their feathered wings against the hotness of the day. I supported their flight, watching and marveling, until sweat dripped from my body, and groans crossed my lips over fatiguing muscles. Choosing to let the sky fall, I awoke. My eyes opened to a cast of hawks gripping me in their talons. They supported my weight, hauling me high above the clouds through a blue expanse of heaven. And though they struggled—squawking and flapping wearily—never once did a single bird release its hold.
Time and again the sun sets like a bedimming curtain before my eyes, taking with it all illumination, warmth, and color.  I am overwhelmed by night and the monsters that lurk in shadows of despair.  But alas, stars twinkle from afar, shedding the tiniest rays of lighted hope.  I am reminded that the sun also rises and that morning's glory shall restore beauty to my world.  The realization of this dream is only a matter of waiting out the dreary night.  So, I shall persevere.
If rocks did not persevere under heat and pressure, they would never become diamonds.
Step by step a mountain is conquered.
Beautiful souls are shaped by ugly experiences.
Throw a champion into the ocean, and he’ll swim.Throw a champion into the pit, and he’ll climb.Throw him off a cliff, and he’ll grow wings.Throw him into a furnace, and he’ll become gold.
The strength to move forward when others stop, to keep going when others turn back, is the key to unlocking your greatest potential.
Few great things are achieved effortlessly.
After drinking the blood I feel inches closer to death, but resolved to live. I've drunk blood. I can do anything. I'm the vampire girl. I crawl close to the fox and press myself against it. It's still warm. That's how sleep takes me, with blood on my face, holding close to the fading warmth.
Chronologically she is twelve, but emotionally she is older, and intellectually older still.
Diligence, hard work, perseverance, excellence are the values that will make us have quality churches that will make us bring kingdom of God to the earth.
it is clear that we must trust what is difficult; everything alive trusts in it, everything in Nature grows and defends itself any way it can and is spontaneously itself, tries to be itself at all costs and against all opposition. We know little, but that we must trust in what is difficult is a certainty that will never abandon us; it is good to be solitary, for solitude is difficult; that something is difficult must be one more reason for us to do it.
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.
I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end.
He who can have patience can have what he will.
If it comes easy, it will go fast.
Patience brings perseverance.
I am a true believer of the three P’S- Purpose, perseverance and patience
Lay a golden egg.After you built a nest,You wait for a leg.And you land next. Now you hope and pray.Expect for the best. Go on with no delay. Get it right at last.
This was the desert, everything all at once, whether it was needed or not. What survived had learned to save, live carefully, and keep a low profile, even appear to be dead for long periods. Perseverance and patience.
Good things don’t happen in bulk, they take ample time. You have to have patience.
Patience is the ability to enjoy the calm of boredom.
For while the tired waves, vainly breaking, Seem here no painful inch to gain, Far back, through creeks and inlets making, Comes silent, flooding in, the main. And not by eastern windows only, When daylight comes, comes in the light; In front the sun climbs slow, how slowly! But westward, look, the land is bright!
Dawn appears when it appears.
Change is not always easy, but with patience and perseverance, we can find the good in change.
A lot of impulsive mistakes are made by people who simply aren’t willing to stay bored a little longer.
He would never exhort the faithful to persevere if he were not ready to give them the power to do so.
He will unfailingly be pleased with our patience and take note of our diligence and perseverance.
We must unceasingly ask for [perseverance] by making use of the means which God has taught us for obtaining it: prayer, fasting, almsgiving, frequenting the sacraments, association with good companions, and hearing and reading Holy Scripture.
Stars are not praised for shining during the day, but at night.
Diligence, hard work, perseverance, excellence are the values that cause things to happen.
Maxim 10: Sometimes the only way out is through... through the hull.-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries
Sertorius rose up and spoke to his army, “You see, fellow soldiers, that perseverance is more prevailing than violence, and that many things which cannot be overcome when they are together, yield themselves up when taken little by little. Assiduity and persistence are irresistible, and in time overthrow and destroy the greatest powers whatever. Time being the favorable friend and assistant of those who use their judgment to await his occasions, and the destructive enemy of those who are unseasonably urging and pressing forward.
The steeper the climb, the more incentive to reach the top.Even in the midst of the darkness, there is always a shard of light if we will but search for it hard enough and believe in it strongly enough.A name portrays the nature of its wearer. The meaning of a name, however, portrays the trueness of its wearer in depths that very few ever come to comprehend.May God bless you and keep you and give you peace in all that you do, and may we rest assured of this: that though we travel far apart and in many different directions and for long periods of time, we will meet again, if not in this lifetime, then in eternity, and there we will never have to say ‘good-bye’ again.Courage is not found in lacking fear, courage is found in not allowing your fear to rule you.Courage is really just facing fear.Do not put too much stock in the stars my boy, they are fickle and distant and do not affect the lives of men by very great a margin.
If you are going through hell, keep going.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk back.
I have walked that long road to freedom. I have tried not to falter; I have made missteps along the way. But I have discovered the secret that after climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb. I have taken a moment here to rest, to steal a view of the glorious vista that surrounds me, to look back on the distance I have come. But I can only rest for a moment, for with freedom come responsibilities, and I dare not linger, for my long walk is not ended.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
It's not how we fall. It's how we get back up again.
Things don't go wrong and break your heart so you can become bitter and give up. They happen to break you down and build you up so you can be all that you were intended to be.
We’re all going to keep fighting, Harry. You know that?
My own heroes are the dreamers, those men and women who tried to make the world a better place than when they found it, whether in small ways or great ones. Some succeeded, some failed, most had mixed results... but it is the effort that's heroic, as I see it. Win or lose, I admire those who fight the good fight.
What's the bravest thing you ever did?He spat in the road a bloody phlegm. Getting up this morning, he said.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
I tried always to do better: saw always a little further. I tried to stretch myself.
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
Keep trying until you have no more chances left.
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.
By perseverance the snail reached the ark.
To reach a port we must set sail –Sail, not tie at anchorSail, not drift.
Every day you may make progress. Every step may be fruitful. Yet there will stretch out before you an ever-lengthening, ever-ascending, ever-improving path. You know you will never get to the end of the journey. But this, so far from discouraging, only adds to the joy and glory of the climb.
If we walk far enough," says Dorothy, "we shall sometime come to someplace.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems.
Life, Stormy says, is not about how fast you run or even with what degree of grace. It's about perseverance, about staying on your feet and slogging forward no matter what.
NEVER GIVE UPNo matter what is going onNever give upDevelop the heartToo much energy in your countryIs spent developing the mindInstead of the heartBe compassionateNot just to your friendsBut to everyoneBe compassionateWork for peaceIn your heart and in the worldWork for peaceAnd I say againNever give upNo matter what is going on around youNever give up
Where you stand depends on where you sit.
What is written without effort is in general read without pleasure.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance.
It's always to soon to quit!
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
Everything works out in the end. if it hasn't worked out yet, then it's not the end.
What is the victory of a cat on a hot tin roof?—I wish I knew... Just staying on it, I guess, as long as she can...
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
What'll you do if you can't find a way to cure him?" Seth asked.Dale paused. "I'll never know that day has come, because I'll never stop trying.
Life keeps throwing me curve balls and I don't even own a bat. At least my dodging skills are improving.
To remain indifferent to the challenges we face is indefensible. If the goal is noble, whether or not it is realized within our lifetime is largely irrelevant. What we must do therefore is to strive and persevere and never give up.
Two hands working can do more than a thousand clasped in prayer.
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins, not through strength but by perseverance.
The person who doesn't scatter the morning dew will not comb grey hairs
It's easier to start over than to work to make something last.
The only kinds of fights worth fighting are those you’re going to lose, because somebody has to fight them and lose and lose and lose until someday, somebody who believes as you do wins.
It is hard work to control the workings of inclination and turn the bent of nature; but that it may be done, I know from experience. God has given us, in a measure, the power to make our own fate: and when our energies seem to demand a sustenance they cannot get--when our will strains after a path we may not follow--we need neither starve from inanition, not stand still in despair: we have but to seek another nourishment for the mind, as strong as the forbidden fruit it longed to taste--and perhaps purer; and to hew out for the adventurous foot a road as direct and broad as the one Fortune has blocked up against us, if rougher than it.
We're on a hunt, Cooper. When you're on a hunt, you do whatever it takes.
You mustn't get so upset about what you feel, Spud. No one's a hundred per cent consistent all the time. We might like to be. We can plan our lives along certain lines. But you know, there's no future in screwing down all the pressure valves and smashing in the gauge. You can do it for a bit and then something goes. Sometimes it gets that the only thing is just to say, 'That's what I'd like to feel twenty-four hours a day; but, the hell with it, this is how I feel now.
Every step was a victory. He had to remember that.
Life is, in fact, a battle. Evil is insolent and strong; beauty enchanting, but rare; goodness very apt to be weak; folly very apt to be defiant; wickedness to carry the day; imbeciles to be in great places, people of sense in small, and mankind generally unhappy. But the world as it stands is no narrow illusion, no phantasm, no evil dream of the night; we wake up to it, forever and ever; and we can neither forget it nor deny it nor dispense with it.
...remember that what has once been done may be done again.
You know what I did after I wrote my first novel? I shut up and wrote twenty-three
The ties that bind us to life are tougher than you imagine, or than any one can who has not felt how roughly they may be pulled without breaking.
Nothing great is ever achieved without much enduring.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
My proceeds from the PayPal acquisition were $180 million. I put $100 million in SpaceX, $70m in Tesla, and $10m in Solar City. I had to borrow money for rent.
Start with the difficult and when it gets easy, everything else is easier.
Life is like crossing a river. If you take a huge step-aim for too bigger dreams-then the current will knock you off your feet and carry you away. The way to do it is small steps, you will take hold of life. You will get there in the end.
Coach said. "the quality of a man's life is in direct proportion to his commitment to excellence, regardless of his chosen field of endeavor".
Ninety-nine percent of all failures come from people who have a habit of making excuses.
We must meet reverses boldly, and not suffer them to frighten us, my dear. We must learn to act the play out. We must live misfortune down, Trot!
It's the climbing that makes the man. Getting to the top is an extra reward.
We all fall sometime but it's those that get back up and try again that make the difference.
Only fool keeps mocking perseverance.
the difference between perseverance and obstinacy is that one comes from a strong will and the other from a strong won't
Some of the things that beat the shit out of you . . . can beat the bullshit out of you too.
Does the road wind up-hill all the way? Yes, to the very end.
People forget how fast you did a job – but they remember how well you did it
You know, most men would get discouraged by now. Fortunately for you, I am not most men!
To achieve what 1% of the worlds population has (Financial Freedom), you must be willing to do what only 1% dare to do..hard work and perseverance of highest order.
A large oak tree is just a little nut that refused to give up.
Some had come to look upon death as a mercy. Death meant warmth. Death was light. Life was cruel, cold, heavy and dark. Life was pain. Death was deliverance, and many would welcome it. Others doggedly clung to life and willed themselves to walk on.
A career must be husbanded. Care must be taken. Everyday must bring some small bit of progress. How would an artist with any self-worth act? Act that way.
They could have fought against it, begged for another way or gone off the path in hopes of finding an easier passage. Instead, they looked upon the trail ahead, the rough ridge, now bound by thick snow, and they accepted the path they had chosen.
Do not be discouraged by the resistance you will encounter from your human nature; you must go against your human inclinations. Often, in the beginning, you will think that you are wasting time, but you must go on, be determined and persevere in it until death, despite all the difficulties.
... that's how life should be, when one person loses heart, the other must have heart and courage enough for both.
No, no- the sky will grow dark, cold rain will fall and all trace of the right way will be blotted out. You will be all alone. And still you will have to go on. There will be ghosts in the dark and voices in the air, disgusting prophecies coming true I wouldn’t wonder and absent faces present on every side, as the man said. And still you will have to go on. The last bridge will fall behind you and the last lights will go out, followed by the sun, the moon and the stars; and still you will have to go on. You will come to regions more desolate and wretched than you ever dreamed could exist, places of sorrow created entirely by that mean superstition which you yourself have put about for so long. But still you will have to go on
Helen Sustained many falls throughout her life. But as you can see, she steps right up and keeps on going. Falling to her is as natural as sneezing to us
Do you want to die, or do you want to die trying? Give up or give it a shot.
Venture to a remote corner of a faraway land and, from the moment you get there, every person and every thing becomes an obstacle, designed to entrap you, to stop you proceeding on your way.
...continue on the right path. You have potential...Don't give up. Don't let yourself get down and quit studying or fighting for what you want. One day something good is bound to happen. You just have to keep at it.
Just do your best," Mom said. "You can't do any better than your best.
Sometimes the novel is not ready to be written because you haven't met the inspiration for your main character yet. Sometimes you need two more years of life experience before you can make your masterpiece into something that will feel real and true and raw to other people. Sometimes you're not falling in love because whatever you need to know about yourself is only knowable through solitude. Sometimes you haven't met your next collaborator. Sometimes your sadness encircles you because, one day, it will be the opus upon which you build your life.We all know this: Our experience cannot always be manipulated. Yet, we don't act as though we know this truth. We try so hard to manipulate and control our lives, to make creativity into a game to win, to shortcut success because others say they have, to process emotions and uncertainty as if these are linear journeys.You don't get to game the system of your life. You just don't. You don't get to control every outcome and aspect as a way to never give in to the uncertainty and unpredictability of something that's beyond what you understand. It's the basis of presence: to show up as you are in this moment and let that be enough.
The critics only made me work harder.
And I know that there are black boys and black girls out there lost in a Bermuda triangle of the mind or stranded in the doldrums of America, some of them treading and some of them drowning, never feeling and never forgetting. The most precious thing I had then is the most precious thing I have now—my own curiosity. That is the thing I knew, even in the classroom, they could not take from me. That is the thing that buoyed me and eventually plucked me from the sea.
Just do you. The right people and opportunities will be drawn to that.
If something doesn’t work, try something different. Don’t go ball up, cry in a corner, and say, “Woe is me.” Kick yourself in the pants and force yourself to get on to the next alternative.
Plan B” is nonsense. Successful people come up with plans A, B, C, D . . . all the way to Z. That’s how life works. If you’renot constantly looking for and testing solutions, that’s probably why you’re on the hamster wheel that you’re on right now.
Everyone needs to have support from people who care about them, but ultimately if we don’t work hard and do our part, those dreams are nothing but wishes, fantasy.
The character of those who continually persevere and sacrifice are eventually completely reborn and when they rise from the darkness they've endured no stone can hold them down." -Rise...Roll Away The Stone
In the eyes of Buddha, there are no evil people, only people who don't yet have light in their hearts.
Mara Margetić from Slavonski Kobaš stands next to Marija Bursać from Kamenica, or even to Judith the daughter of Merari from Bethulia. What a moving example of love, perseverance and loyalty!
Just past hell lies paradise.Sometimes we have to remind ourselves of that.Serina Hartwell Author of The Hidden Saga
Mountains are moved when we choose positivity, when we choose to exert the power of love, when we chip away at our problems 1 day at a time.
The appreciation of your success will only come with your perseverance.
If you persistently knock, door will definitely be opened.
I was exhausted and had to rely on Herr Schreiner to help me and knew in my soul that God had sent him to my aid. As tired as I was, I couldn’t have handled my luggage alone. Finally another train did pull into the station but in stark contrast to the empty platform we were standing on, the train was completely full of people. Although he wasn’t that big of a man, Herr Schreiner pushed my suitcases up the two steps into the railway car, and I climbed up behind them. As the train left the station, he hung onto the two entrance handles right behind me and I pushed for space, trying to make enough room for him to get into the carriage. With every surge of the train I expected him to lose his grip but with what I am certain was superhuman strength, he hung on as the train picked up speed. Several of the people made snide remarks but I turned a deaf ear to this and pushed as hard as I could, so that he could also get in. With the help of another man pulling on his coat, Herr Schreiner finally managed to squeeze in far enough so that we could close the door behind him. Once safely on the train, someone from his school in Mannheim recognized him. Herr Schreiner had been a very popular, much admired school principal and seeing how tired and bedraggled we now looked, the passenger offered us his window seats and helped to make room so that we could store our suitcases in the luggage rack above our heads. The train didn’t make any more stops and continued east crossing the Rhine River Bridge, which miraculously was still there. I couldn’t believe that everything had come together as well as it had, and that I was on my way back to Überlingen and my children.
Without delayed gratification,there is no perseverance.
It is perseverance that leads to great accomplishments.
I don't mind running with turtles.From book: stuff I think aboutBy Sondra Faye
The gospel of the kingdom talks about perseverance.
When I was up there, stranded by myself, did I think I was going to die? Yes. Absolutely, and that’s what you need to know going in because it’s going to happen to you. This is space. It does not cooperate. At some point everything is going to go south on you. Everything is going to go south and you’re going to say 'This is it. This is how I end.' Now you can either accept that or you can get to work. That’s all it is. You just begin. You do the math, you solve one problem. Then you solve the next one, and then the next and if you solve enough problems you get to come home.
Liao writes with the courage of a man who knows loss and doesn't fear it. There is nothing to make him notice like an official injunction against noticing, nothing to make him listen like official deafness, nothing that drives him to make us see like the blindness that officialdom seeks to impose.
Search Scriptures continually.
If we pray, we shall prevail.
It's always been this way, I wanted to tell him. We bear the unbearable. We endure the unendurable. We do what must be done until we ourselves are undone.
Where you are today and where you want to be lies a gap. That gap is the price you have to pay to get to the top.
After that it was easy. It was the most impossible thing I’d ever done, but it was also easy. I held on to Jamie, and I kept moving forward.
Entrepreneurs persevere until it pays off. One good day can make up for an entire month, and one good month can make up for an entire year. Don't give up. The isn't over 'till it's over!
Only those who never stand up, never fall down.
Perseverance is one of the keys to overcome the adverse circumstances of life.
In your face, E! X totally won that bet. The dark madame left the room to let X continue to bleed out. X had one other thought beyond destroying the female. Where the hell did she get those sweet shoes?
You go on. You just go on. There's nothing more to it, and there's no trick to make it easier. You just go on.""What do you find on the other side? When you go on?"She shrugged. "Your life again. What else?
One of the most difficult lessons life has taught me is that if, despite my best efforts, something is not working out, it may be time to step back and assess what other opportunities are coming my way.
You make the decision to love everyday, whether you feel the magic or not. It's the decision that creates perseverance, not the feeling of love in itself, because sometimes, butterflies do not suffice
One of the most difficult lessons life has taught me is that if, despite my best efforts, something is not working out, it may be time to step back and assess what other opportunities are coming my way..
Some may say I did not write well...but no one can say I did not write...that is all that matters. One must attempt the things they desire and in the attempt, master their fear of failure for the only definitive failure is to never try.
There are only two ways to solve a problem: stop dwelling, and start doing.
Being strong is not just about your physical strength, no, it is about your capacity to handle difficult problem with ease.
... to pause is to win & to rest can actually be part of the victory.
You never know how long it will take. The route to success is unpredictable. So pack the essentials: parcels of love and peace, packets of patience and hope, and bundles of perseverance!
Yes! Very funny this terrible thing is. A man that is born falls into a dream like a man who falls into the sea. If he tries to climb out into the air as inexperienced people endeavour to do, he drowns--nicht wahr?. . . No! I tell you! The way is to the destructive element submit yourself, and with the exertions of your hands and feet in the water make the deep, deep sea keep you up. So if you ask me--how to be?
Where it comes from I don't know. Is it a gift? I don't know. But with perseverance you are sure to always end up on the winning side.
Perseverance is persistent insistence.
Add persistence to patience, you get perseverance. Multiply perseverance, you get success.
t is silly to think they all achieved it "just like that". nothing in life is so easy, that is a fact.Behind the scenes were tears and pain,they stumbled and fell but got up again. They heard a voice, firm and true"Muster yourself you'll make it through"Steadied by a hand they arose to dancein the turmoil and storm with perseverance At the end, it came upon them; a light so brightsuccess was theirs: it was their right!
In the sympathy of Christ we find a sustaining power.
With a perseverance spirit, you withstand any situation.
His one essay in love had exhausted his powers in that direction.
For me, those weeks in Boston, with Wilma, became a lesson in her ability to be “of good mind,” in her phrase, which also meant a people’s ability to survive.
Mental toughness is an element in the make up of perseverance.
The goal - at least the way I think about entrepreneurship - is you realize one day that you can't really work anyone else. You have to start your own thing. It almost doesn't matter what the thing is. We had six different business plan changes, and then the last one was PayPal.If that one didn't work out, if we still had the money and the people, obviously we would not have given up. We would have iterated on the business model and done something else. I don't think there was ever clarity as to who we were until we knew it was working. By then, we'd figured out our PR pitch and told everyone what we do and who we are. But between the founding and the actual PayPal, it was just like this tug-of-war where it was like, "We're trying this, this week." Every week you go to investors and say, "We're doing this, exactly this. We're really focused. We're going to be huge." The next week you're like, "That was a lie.
Lawrence will go on burying his own undertakers.
He had no ability to give up. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to quit, he couldn’t. It wasn’t in him. It never had been.
The boys just wanted to light the oven, but they ended up burning down the whole business and the family home. The children were saved, but the Ole Kirk Kristiansen's future looked bleak.Ole Kirk was a religious man; his optimism and sense of humour were well-known far beyond the local boundaries. Where others would have folded their hands in their laps and accepted their fate, he did not give up. With the courage born of desperation, he rebuilt his business on a larger and more expensive scale than it had been previously - and more so than he could afford: Many rooms had to be sublet, and the Kristiansens themselves only used a small part of the building. Apprentices were no longer paid, but received board and lodging instead. Life continued, somehow.
When the struggle gets realYou just have to get realer
The Holy Ghost is no temporary gift, He abides with the saints. We have but to seek Him aright, and He will be found of us. He is jealous, but He is pitiful; if He leaves in anger, He returns in mercy. Condescending and tender, He does not weary of us, but awaits to be gracious still.
Belief creates conviction, conviction creates persistence, persistence creates perseverance and perseverance creates unlimited opportunities for greatness.
The universe would give you whatever you wanted if you twisted its arm hard enough.
If your heart is still beating, God is not done with you yet.
God may allow a disturbance, but we don’t have to be disturbed by it.
Thick is the darkness-- Sunward, O, sunward!Rough is the highway-- Onward, still onward!Dawn harbors surely East of the shadows.Facing us somewhere Spread the sweet meadows.Upward and forward! Time will restore us:Light is above us, Rest is before us.
Suppose your whole world seems to rock on its foundations. Hold on steadily, let it rock, and when the rocking is over, the picture will have reassembled itself into something much nearer to your heart's desire
Anyone who prays for the death of his enemy must consider who tempted Jesus Christ, the persecution of the apostles and the Psalm 23 of David
Be daring and determined. There is nothing to lose in this life.
Patience endurance define the attractiveness of life.
An ordinary intellect will, by industry and perseverance, often accomplish more than a much superior one, deficient in energy and the power of endurance.
Zeal is more often checked after long years in the same service than when novelty gives a charm to our work.
They outnumbered me, and I was worsted and under their feet; but, as yet, I was not dead.
We often forget that the Author of our faith must be the Preserver of it also. The lamp which was burning in the temple was never allowed to go out, but it had to be daily replenished with fresh oil; in like manner, our faith can only live by being sustained with the oil of grace,
Like swimming squirrels, you navigate with the help of Heaven and a stiff breeze, but you never land where you hope to—do you?
People suffer all over the world, every day. But people triumph all over the world every day, too.
It's not possible to advise a young writer because every young writer is so different. You might say, 'Read,' but a writer can read too much and be paralyzed. Or, 'Don't read, don't think, just write,' and the result could be a mountain of drivel. If you're going to be a writer you'll probably take a lot of wrong turns and then one day just end up writing something you have to write, then getting it better and better just because you want it to be better, and even when you get old and think 'There must be something else people do,' you won't quite be able to quit.
Keep the goal in mind and push onward to accomplish it.
Let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles, and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us. Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the Author and Perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before Him endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God' (Hebrews 12:1-2). Jesus was motivated to endure by anticipating the joy of His reward. No amount of hardship and struggle could deprive Him of that anticipation.
With patience endurance, you can survive any storm.
If you don’t actively use your knowledge God has freely given you, you will never walk into God’s predestined plan for your life. You must seek it and then get to work. It will not fall into your lap.
Graduating from college doesn't mean you're smart, said Mike Mussina who graduated from Stanford in 3 1/2 years, but it does mean you're smart enough to know that having a college degree would be a good thing.
Authentic leaders inspire us to engage with each other in powerful dreams that make the impossible possible. We are called on to persevere despite failure and pursue a purpose beyond the paycheck. This is at the core of innovation. It requires aligning the dreams of each individual to the broader dream of the organization.
But sometimes the pieces fall together the way they want to, and you can't change the story; all you can do is try to ride it out.
When times get tough and your path gets rough, just hold on. You'll get there soon enough.
Walk and loveWe're walking in loveFor the walk of love
It is very much, she thinks, like looking at the moon and knowing one could make it there, too. It is only time and breath that stand between her and the top. She is young. She'll do it and have done it.
You can only have the courage and strength to do what you think is right. It may turn out to be wrong, but you will at least have done it, and that is the important thing. We must act according to the best dictates of our reason, and then leave God to judge its ultimate value.
They had that special grace, that special spirit that says, 'Give me a challenge and I'll meet it with joy." on Challenger disaster
If ever the adventure proves tiring, or you lose sight of your dream, look to the west at sunset. There, on days when the skies are clear, you might see upon the horizon a thin layer of amber mist. When it appears, you will know its purpose: it is the mist of believing.
With feet on solid ground, we walk across stumbling blocks, yet we survive! Through eyes that cloud with tears of pain or struggle, yet we survive! With hands that touch the thorns of life, yet we survive! Through faith and purpose and face as flint, YET WE SURVIVE!
Anyone can dig a ditch. There's no way to dig smarter. Or dig faster. Having a baby is like being assigned to dig a ditch. That goes all the way to the horizon.
Be the Rain.I am the rain.The mountain may spit fire at the sky. . . Still the rain will fall.The mountain may quake at the world. . . Still the rain will fall.The mountain will be silent and brooding. . .Still the rain will fall.The mountain will tumble down upon the earth. . .Still the rain will fall.The mountain will be reduced to sandy shore. . .Still the rain will fall.Be the rain.by D. Denise Dianaty© 11 January 2014
When a storm comes, bamboo bends. It doesn't break.
Who is willing to suffer for a Savior they won't even trouble themselves to learn about?
Sometimes you can't fight. Sometimes, some things, you have to outlast.
You regard us here neither as thieves nor as robbers. Today, as in the time of Pilate, Christ the Savior is accused. Once again there is mocking and scorn, slander and noisy jubilance. But he remains yet, and his glance embraces sinners with unending compassion.
Your gaze fixated on him, my imagination deducing your conclusion. The agony sets in, this pain is unsurpassable with despair adjoining. But I can feel my heart knocking against my chest. So I'll attempt to push ahead for my behalf.
God always has a plan. This isn't his fault. This is a test, something designed to help you grow closer to God. And. I know, somehow, God will use it.
God's going to work everything out and use you in ways you can't even imagine.
The human spirit is like an elastic band. The more you stretch, the greater your capacity.
Three more words. Be happy. Persevere.
This is the lesson: never give in, never give in, never, never, never, never—in nothing, great or small,large or petty—never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force;never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
if one characteristic of Lyndon Johnson was a boundless ambition, another was a willingness, on behalf of that ambition, to make efforts that were also without bounds.
The ultimate message of this book, though, is not that should strive for publication, but that you should become devoted to the craft of writing, for its own sake. Ask yourself what you would do if you knew you would never be published. Would you still write? If you are truly writing for the art of it, the answer will be yes. And then, every word is a victory.
I was on a path, and I became determined to give it everything I had — no matter what.
My friends, we should consider ourselves fortunate, not because we are any greater or lesser because we face adversity, rather we simply rejoice in the opportunity to face it.
If you can continue to smile through hardship and pain, then your moment will come…just be patient.
Some people won't love you, no matter what you do. Some people won't STOP loving you, no matter what you do. Go where the lov
Faith and perseverance is the key to overcoming obstacles.
We ended up our talk by my asking Dennis his feelings now about the Marines. Any regrets for all those wounds? Or about having been sent to and having to fight an unpopular war?"No. The Marine Corps meant a tremendous amount to me. And even today I gain momentum from it. The Corps is one of the prime reasons Marines are so successful in whatever we do - because we refuse to quit.
The most difficult adversary I have ever faced happens to look just like me.
It is absolutely essential to hang in there—especially when you feel most discouraged.
A strong man sails by ash breeze!
If one flower has to grow out of all the weeds, let that flower be YOU.
Self-preservation is not a man’s first duty: flight is his last. Better and wiser and infinitely nobler to stand a mark for the "slings and arrows of outrageous fortune" and to stop at our post though we fall there, better infinitely to toil on, even when toil seems vain, than cowardly to keep a whole skin at the cost of a wounded conscience or despairingly to fling up work, because the ground is hard and the growth of the seed imperceptible. Prudent advices, when the prudence is only inspired by sense, are generally foolish.
How I wished after all the hardships, you will immediately attain your reward. But it's not that easy. You need to wait for the right time to come in your life. Always bear in mind that diligence is nothing without perseverance.
A bowl of diligence and perseverance, a cup of faith and a pinch of inspiration mixed with a spoon of contentment are the ingredients of a delicious success. Cook yours well.
[For the genuine believer] There are moments in life when God's pursuit of us seems like that of a persistent mosquito, constantly buzzing around our heads and causing us pain, and we are utterly powerless to shake him off.
We may run into many downfalls in life, but with a mighty God on our side those downfalls have already been defeated.
Though the captives' resistance was dangerous, through such acts, dignity was preserved, and through dignity, life itself.
You can either hold onto your dream by letting go of your excuses or hold onto your excuses by letting go of your dream.
Never allow the ill-thoughts of people stop you from pursuing your goals and dreams.
There is a saying: Genius is perseverance. While genius does not consist entirely of editing, without editing it's pretty useless.
Few lack talent, but most people lack the vision & perseverance to develop their talents.
There is no "can't" in martial arts. It is perfectly all right for students to state that they are "still working on it", "have not mastered it yet", or "are trying as best they can" as all of those sentiments reflect willingness and perseverance. It is not all right, on the other hand, to verbally or physically portray reluctance, vacillation, or defect.
The spirit of perseverance and persistence will calm mighty storms.
Perseverance, secret of all triumphs.
Quit talkin' about it and be about it!
The Jesus Movement had survived the fad phase and was settling down for the long haul.
Some people will never know how close they really were to success because they threw in the towel right before their big break.
Keep a relentless eye on your goals! Perseverance, joyful dedication, and unwavering focus will get you there!
If his decision is correct, he will win the battle, even if it lasts longer than expected. If his decision is wrong, he will be defeated and he will have to start all over again- only this time with more wisdom.But once he has started, a warrior of the light perseveres until the end.
Shake it off little girl, dry your tears, suck it up and face your fears.
Success flourishes only in perseverance--ceaseless, restless perseverance.”Baron Manfred von Richthofen (1892-1918); Former Fighter Pilot
Get on top of the obstacles and they become vantage points.
Sometimes we scratch, claw and climb so hard to conquer a mountain that, once achieved, we cling to its summit much too long and it ultimately instigates our fall. As we dangle by our fingertips we grasp and claw at what’s no more; with a fear of falling into the dim unknown. But, ironically, it’s in that very moment that we are empowered to choose. We can stay cliff hanging in our darkened fears clinging to a time that has past us by or we can faithfully and freely fall into the hands of a new destiny. Sometimes, persevering...is simply having the courage to let go. ~Jason Versey
The elegant and beautiful Lotus flower must toil through the mud and mire of murky swamps and shadowy waters of darkness before it can finally bloom. Above the fray of struggle yet firmly rooted in rugged beginnings, it ultimately lies pristinely above the water, basking in the sun of triumph. So no matter what you’ve endured or where you come from...you are no different and no less beautiful. There is simply no greater beauty than when a flower blossoms despite its tough and humble beginnings. ~Jason Versey
The only person your anger hurts is you. Let it go. Accept it. Move on.
Sometimes, persevering...is simply having the courage to let go. ~Jason Versey
Every great accomplishment has its share of struggle, adversity and pain. Great achievement cannot exist without them. To reap the rewards of success in our marriages, in the lives of our children, and in our professional careers we must be prepared to push through some pretty tough moments. But trust me... on the other side of that struggle awaits an intrinsic reward that is worth more than gold. ~Jason Versey
Life is just there, to be made the best of, until it isn't. And that's all right, too.
The coward dies a thousand deaths, the brave but one?''Of course. Who said it?''I don't know.''He was probably a coward,' she said. "He knew a great deal about cowards but nothing about the brave. The brave dies perhaps two thousand deaths if he's intelligent. He simply doesn't mention them.
Education is a choice. We don't become educated by watching television, and we don't learn a whole lot having similar conversations with the same, safe people day after day. Our education comes from pushing up against boundaries, from taking risks that may seem at first to be overwhelming, and by persevering past the first disappointments or shortfalls until we reach a point at which actual learning takes place. Determination and perseverance are absolutely vital to developing a true education--rarely, if ever, do we learn the most valuable lessons in the first few steps of the journey.
I promise I shall never give up, and that I’ll die yelling and laughing, and that until then I’ll rush around this world I insist is holy and pull at everyone’s lapel and make them confess to me and to all.
The rewards of tomorrow are safely hidden in the belief of never quitting and not giving up on yourself today
There are seasons in our lives when we stand emotionally vulnerable, naked, affronted, without hope and broken. What of these dark difficult times? It’s in these moments of deep humility and brokenness that exposes us for who we are. Adversity is a litmus test of our spirit. Don’t begrudge it. It’s where God does his greatest work. When you come out on the other side, and you will, you’ll receive the gift of knowing exactly who you are and what you’re truly made of and that’s a small price to pay… if you stop and really think about it. ~Jason Versey
The fatigue of the climb was great but it is interesting to learn once more how much further one can go on one's second wind. I think that is an important lesson for everyone to learn for it should also be applied to one's mental efforts. Most people go through life without ever discovering the existance of that whole field of endeavor which we describe as second wind. Whether mentally or physically occupied most people give up at the first appearance of exhaustion. Thus they never learn the glory and the exhilaration of genuine effort...
...I can't make exceptions for myself. If I can run, I will run. I don't have to feel good to do it.
I do not want to be like a small animal bitten by a snake, going stiff with that poison. I want to bite back.
Every great accomplishment has its share of struggle, adversity and pain. Great achievement can not exist without them. To achieve true success in our relationships and in our careers we need to be prepared to push through some pretty tough stuff. On the other side of that pain awaits an intrinsic reward that is worth so much more than anything you can ever imagine.
Perseverance is not a passive submission to circumstances—it is a strong and active response to the difficult events of life.
I arise to face my failures every morning, but I never fail to face them.
It's only those who are persistent, and willing to study things deeply, who achieve the Master Work
The offspring of virtue is perseverance. The fruit and offspring of perseverance is habit and child of habit is character.
Remember at the junior picnic, when someone whipped that dog at Jennifer's head? And Jennifer was laughing, like it was funny? Ted never copped to it, but I know he did it. I saw him. A-hole.'Rachel shakes her head in disgust. 'She probably deals with that kind of crap every day...''That's it. I'm going to ask Jennifer if she wants to sit with us today... I don't like those little turds thinking they can make fun of her because she's on the list. Don't they have any respect for the fact that she's a senior? If she's with us, they wouldn't dare say anything.
The only way to succeed in life is to never give up. Oftentimes, it requires standing alone.
One play down and 497 to Go!
You are going to get over it sooner or later so get over it now.
Persistence and passion will make you invincible.
(Everyday life is like a sack: with holes. And you carry it anyway.)
Beauty is sometimes born of pain
Perhaps [he had] persevered for too long, in the face of too many obstacles, his hair proof of his tenacity - the stark black streaked with white or, in certain light, stark white shot through with black, each strand of white attributable to the jungle fever (so cold it burned, his skin glacial), each strand of black a testament to being alive afterwards.
It’s better to be the rooster than the feather duster.
I was seeking comic originality, and fame fell on me as a by-product. The course was more plodding than heroic: I did not strive valiantly against doubters but took incremental steps studded with a few intuitive leaps.
Cats may have nine lives, but pigs . . . don't . . . give . . . up.
Our power of perseverance is as that of an eagle. We soar above our challengers.
It is not the best for us to lay embago on the industries that produce temptations. What we need to do is to compete, overcome and dominate the market with the products of our endurance. No battles we face, no crown will we win. No temptations exist, no conquerors are known.
All you can try to do is be better than you were yesterday, everyday.
When you prepare, regularly work hard, create value, help others get what they want, and persevere... the life of your dreams is INEVITABLE.
I pray to God to give me perseverance and to deign that I be a faithful witness to Him to the end of my life for my God.
I have to keep facing the darkness. If I stand tall and face the thing I fear, I have a chance to conquer it. If I just keep dodging and hiding it will conquer me.
Often, people give up without knowing success was just around the corner; if they had only preserved a little longer, if they had only tried one more time, they could have succeed.
If you don't acquire the discipline to push through a personal low point, you will miss the reward that comes with persevering.
In the realm of ideas, everything depends on enthusiasm. ... In the real world, all rests on perseverance.
We all have to face our faults and mistakes, and then choose to overcome them or let them drag us down.
Is it not true that the clever rogue is like the runner who runs well for the first half of the course, but flags before reaching the goal: he is quick off the mark, but ends in disgrace and slinks away crestfallen and uncrowned. The crown is the prize of the really good runner who perseveres to the end.
She watched with morbid fascination as they gathered at the stumps at the ends of the man's wrists, the old scar tissue the only place on him unclaimed by Fener, but the paths the sprites took to those stumps touched not a single tattooed line. The flies dance a dance of avoidance - but for all that, they were eager to dance.
The distance a goldfish swims is not controlled by the bowl.
That's one of those things about love. It always assumes it can find a way to express itself.
Perseverance is impossible if we don't permit ourselves to hope.
Motivation can't take you very far if you don't have the legs.
Some trees are too deeply rooted to move … And if they are uprooted, they will die…
...I've learned that doing what you think is right doesn't always make you feel good. For another, I've learned that sometimes you just have to keep on going when you want to do nothing but drop. And that just doing the everyday things, like keeping a shop running or getting up every morning, will keep the work going until things can straighten out again. And doing those things right every day soon becomes more important than the more pressing issues of the time.
To be defeated, but not to give in, is victory.- Jósef Piłsudski
You always need to work hard. You always need to be willing to work hard. Not everything will be hard, but you should, at the very least, be willing to work hard.
Maybe not, maybe not. Cheer up, Becky, and let's go on trying.
Judgment should never enter into the hearts and minds of others while observing another in a pain that cannot be understood.
Great works are performed, not by strength, but by perseverance.
I study the chessboard and concede defeat."You can gain yourself in five moves" says the Colonel. "Worth fighting to the end. In five moves your opponent can err. No war is won or lost until the final battle is over.
Do you have the talent?' is rarely the question. 'Do you have the guts to finish?' is the real question.
In truth, I am nothing but a plodding mediocrity — please observe, a plodding mediocrity — for a mere mediocrity does not go very far, but a plodding one gets quite a distance. There is joy in that success, and a distinction can come from courage, fidelity and industry.
The sated day is never firstThe best day is a day of thirstYes, there is goal and meaning in our path -but it is the way that is the labour's worth.
To truly defeat an enemy, no sacrifice is too great.
Perseverance and gratefulness makes ​hope closer to the blessing.
It's not about what you're capable of, it's about what you are willing to endure.
Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine.
Stick in and do my best.
If you don't know what to do, do what you know and soon, what you're supposed to do will feel more appealing.
The world of possibilities await the person who dares.
Stay up... 'till you come up... when you come up stay up!
We don't posses time. But we can own whatever we do with it.
I have come to learn, that when people of money and power organize to set upon to break a person they seek to silence, and the person seems but a shadow of what they were, under the endless barrage, in the end when laid to rest, the dignity, compassion and presence of the person somehow endures, and their words awaken to speak clearer than before.As if torches ignite, when their flame is gone,and the light of their truth,Is brilliantly lit and once more born.
He who falls, falls by his own will; and he who stands, stands by God's will.
The person who is wrapped up in God keeps moving. That is the difference between a Spirit on fire and a Spirit that's burning out. From the book: Removing Your Shame Label.
Alas! Alas!When in the skies there are no limitsonly the forceful perseverance of the mind stripping through cloudsand creating the ever so beautiful shades of abundant success.
Writing is like exercise. You have to work at it to see results.
What endurance is to the body, is what perseverance is to the mind.
The future glory far outweigh the present troubles.
When your world gets stripped down to nothing you may feel empty and naked—but this is when your space can be filled with what is new and maybe even upgraded." Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana
Grudge no expense-yield to no opposition-forget fatigue-till  by the strength of prayer and sacrifice  the spirit of love shall have overcome.
There is an incredible amount of magic and feistiness in black men that nobody has been able to wipe out. But everybody has tried.
To look back is to relax one's vigil.
There's nothing in this world that comes easy. There are a lot of people who aren't going to bother to win. We learn in football to get up and go once more.
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something  and that this thing  at whatever cost  must be attained.
You can do what you want to do  accomplish what you want to accomplish  attain any reasonable objective ... if you want it  if you will to do it  if you work to do it  over a sufficiently long period of time.
To persevere  trusting in what hopes he has  is courage in a man. The coward despairs.
If you don't wake up with something in your stomach every day that makes you think  "I want to make this movie " it'll never get made.
There are but two roads that lead to an important goal and to the doing of great things: strength and perseverance. Strength is the lot of but a few privileged men  but austere perseverance  harsh and continuous  may be employed by the smallest of us and rarely fails of its purpose  for its silent power grows irresistibly greater with time.
We conquer by continuing.
When you stop talking  you've lost your customer.
When it goes wrong  you feel like cutting your throat  but you go on. You don't let anything get you down so much that it beats you or stops you.
To tend  unfailingly  unflinchingly  towards a goal  is the secret of success.
Great works are performed not by strength  but by perseverance.
Any man can work when every stroke of his hands brings down the fruit rattling from the tree ... but to labor in season and out of season  under every discouragement... that requires a heroism which is transcendent.
Until I die  I'm going to keep doing. My people need me. They need somebody that's not taking from them and is giving them something.
Be like a postage stamp-stick to one thing until you get there.
Keep on going  and the chances are that you will stumble on something  perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance  all things are attainable.
For me  at least  there came moments when faith wavered. But there is the great lesson and the great triumph: keep the fire burning until  by and by  out of the mass of sordid details there comes some result.
Nothing in the world can take place of persistence. Talent will not  nothing is more common than unsuccessful individuals with talent. Genius will not  unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not  the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
In the game of life nothing is less important than the score at half time.
In the realm of ideas everything depends on enthusiasm  in the real world  all rests on perseverance.
Without perseverance talent is a barren bed.
Don't be discouraged. It's often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock.
Dear God  I pray for patience. And I want it right now!
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs  it's just possible you haven't grasped the situation.
The way I see it  if you want the rainbow  you gotta put up with the rain.
I am extraordinarily patient  provided I get my own way in the end.
If you want your ship to come in  you must build a dock.
By perseverance the snails reached the ark.
Hope: A pathological belief in the occurrence of the impossible.
Do not free a camel of the burden of his hump  you may be freeing him from being a camel.
Experience is a hard teacher. She gives the test first  the lesson afterwards.
Ideas are a dime a dozen. People who put them into action are priceless.
As an entrepreneur  I am often asked how I kept my perseverance. Well  persevere comes from the Latin roots purse  as in "money " and sever  as in "cut off." That's why I persevered.
Perseverance is not a long race  it is many short races  one after another.
The waters wear the stones.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
Many strokes  though with a little axe  Hew down and fell the hardest-timber'd oak.
Do what you love. Know your own bone  gnaw at it  bury it  unearth it  and gnaw it still.
Lovely flowers sometimes bloom in ugly places.
Moving rocks today strengthens you for moving mountains tomorrow.
Today's tears water tomorrow's gardens.
Your back may be pushed against the wall, but your brain is not.
Broken pencils still write beautiful songs.
Indomitable perseverance in a business, properly understood, always ensures ultimate success.
The movie business can be very frustrating and very circuitous; there's no straight path. You have to have tremendous perseverance, dedication and passion. You have to want it very, very badly and you have to deal with a lot of rejection.
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.
I think you make the best with what you've got, you know? Sometimes you have very little. And you just always try to rise to higher ground, because you're going to suffer one way or the other, so you just hope that you have strength and perseverance and good friends and faith, some kind of faith, to endure and move on to greener pastures.
Football is a great deal like life in that it teaches that work, sacrifice, perseverance, competitive drive, selflessness and respect for authority is the price that each and every one of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
Grit is that 'extra something' that separates the most successful people from the rest. It's the passion, perseverance, and stamina that we must channel in order to stick with our dreams until they become a reality.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
The entrepreneurial life is one of challenge, work, dedication, perseverance, exhilaration, agony, accomplishment, failure, sacrifice, control, powerlessness... but ultimately, extraordinary satisfaction.
Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure.
From my dad I learned to be good to people, to always be honest and straightforward. I learned hard work and perseverance.
We truly believe with hard work, dedication and perseverance, we can become the best at what we do. No one wants to become mediocre.
As a leader, these attributes - confidence, perseverance, work ethic and good sense - are all things I look for in people. I also try to lead by example and create an environment where good questions and good ideas can come from anyone.
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
If your determination is fixed, I do not counsel you to despair. Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance.
Elizabeth Keckley was a woman of remarkable strength, courage, perseverance, and dignity. She was exceptionally talented, but also very diligent and ambitious, and together those qualities enabled her to deliver herself from slavery and become a successful businesswoman.
I am proud to represent people who care so deeply about their communities. Their perseverance and strength only motivates me more as their representative in Congress.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
Qualities you need to get through medical school and residency: Discipline. Patience. Perseverance. A willingness to forgo sleep. A penchant for sadomasochism. Ability to weather crises of faith and self-confidence. Accept exhaustion as fact of life. Addiction to caffeine a definite plus. Unfailing optimism that the end is in sight.
I learned patience, perseverance, and dedication. Now I really know myself, and I know my voice. It's a voice of pain and victory.
Amongst the qualities a hero should have, I would include determination, loyalty, courage, perseverance, patience, focus, intrepidity and selflessness.
My three Ps: passion, patience, perseverance. You have to do this if you've got to be a filmmaker.
The two biggest things that translate from the pitching mound to hunting and fishing are patience and perseverance. When you're on the mound, you have to take the game one pitch at a time, regardless of the score, and that approach helps when I'm in the woods or on the water as well.
Luck is a component that a lot of people in the arts sometimes fail to recognise: that you can have talent, perseverance, patience, but without luck you will not have a successful career.
The king knows with what ardor and perseverance I have at all times been devoted to the cause of liberty and to the principles of humanity, equality and justice.
Standardized testing is at cross purposes with many of the most important purposes of public education. It doesn't measure big-picture learning, critical thinking, perseverance, problem solving, creativity or curiosity, yet those are the qualities great teaching brings out in a student.
We, of our time, have played our part in the perseverance, and we have pledged ourselves to the dead generations who have preserved intact for us this glorious heritage, that we, too, will strive to be faithful to the end, and pass on this tradition unblemished.
But the person who scored well on an SAT will not necessarily be the best doctor or the best lawyer or the best businessman. These tests do not measure character, leadership, creativity, perseverance.
I look at my grandparents and what they dealt with in the Japanese internment in Arizona. That sense of perseverance, of making the best out of an incredibly bad situation, has always been something I drew inspiration from. I always ask myself, 'What in the world do I have to complain about?'
Of all that is good, sublimity is supreme. Succeeding is the coming together of all that is beautiful. Furtherance is the agreement of all that is just. Perseverance is the foundation of all actions.
There are two ways of attaining an important end, force and perseverance; the silent power of the latter grows irresistible with time.
We are looking for a set of personal characteristics that predict success, the first and foremost of which is perseverance in the face of challenges. We also look for the ability to influence and motivate others who share your values, strong problem-solving ability, and leadership.
I can tell you character traits I admire and work to develop in myself - perseverance, self-discipline, courage to stand up for what is right even when it is against one's friends or one's self.
What I love about the East End is that there's a great perseverance, determination and courage. What I dislike about it is that there is sometimes a celebration of ignorance.
To bathe a cat takes brute force, perseverance, courage of conviction - and a cat. The last ingredient is usually hardest to come by.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
The making of the far-famed New York Central Park was opposed by even good men, with misguided pluck, perseverance, and ingenuity, but straight right won its way, and now that park is appreciated. So we confidently believe it will be with our great national parks and forest reservations.
Perseverance is a positive, active characteristic.
Keep the faith, don't lose your perseverance and always trust your gut extinct.
Perseverance is not a long race it is many short races one after the other.
We look for people who demonstrate perseverance in the face of challenges, the ability to influence and motivate others - people who want to work relentlessly to ensure that kids who are facing the challenges of poverty have an excellent education.
You know how people always talk about how vision is the key to entrepreneurship and perseverance and really seeing what other people don't see? We can actually redeem a fair amount of that folk wisdom.
Wisdom and understanding can only become the possession of individual men by travelling the old road of observation, attention, perseverance, and industry.
I wish the Peace Corps and its volunteers continued success and perseverance. We are grateful for their contributions to society and dedication to providing assistance where it is needed. May the Peace Corps continue its legacy of service, both at home and abroad.
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained.
The key to success is action, and the essential in action is perseverance.
No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance.
Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed pay the price and it is yours.
I don't know what keeps me going. Sometimes I wonder... I think it's just pure perseverance and wanting to succeed and having that burning desire to always have success.
Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success.
Regularity in the hours of rising and retiring, perseverance in exercise, adaptation of dress to the variations of climate, simple and nutritious aliment, and temperance in all things are necessary branches of the regimen of health.
If we bestow but a very little attention to the economy of the animal creation, we shall find manifest examples of premeditation, perseverance, resolution, and consumate artifice, in order to effect their purpose.
